What a **** album. Baby smashes it again, the future feature is insane too. Baby the goat
my personal choice for RAOTY, above TFS, MMATBS, IAD, and MMESYF. all around a great album with no skips
im so glad i listened to this album, ive been expanding the people i listen to and this is so far one of the best,
This is what an almost flawless modern hip-hop album sounds like. Great production and versatile rapping.
I created an account just so that I could review this masterpiece of an album. Freddie Gibbs is without question the best rapper alive and he is cementing his legacy with Soul Sold Separately.
Oh god! A sincere but dull effort in confessional pop. Yungblud's identity crisis is what prevents them from being remarkable, nothing remains fresh for long even the songs lose themselves .
"YUNGBLUD" is YUNGBLUD’s most cohesive album, in every aspect. The singer said that YB3 is his most personal record til this day and the listeners can really feel it. Harrison has evolved from the "21st Century Liability" rage and the "Weird!" optimism in the best way. His immersive songwriting makes you imagine vividly the situations he describes in the tracks. Absolute banger!— Favorite track: The Boy In The Black Dress
There’s no one better to tell YUNGBLUD’s story than YUNGBLUD himself, while listening you can feel every emotion he felt when he was writing this record. Now about my favorite song off the album, Mad is such a bop.
Perfeito como sempre, o Dom se superou. Muito divertido e sem deixar mais do mesmo, eu adorei.
This album is absolutely amazing, really, it's for sure one of the best albums of the year. The way he composes is unique, the lyrics he writes are always so full of feeling. I loved this album and I love this man so much!
Absolutely amazing, One of the best albums I've ever heard. peiod. It's just simply fantastic.
A͟ H͟i͟g͟h͟ R͟e͟v͟i͟e͟w͟ w͟i͟t͟h͟ Z͟"Yungblud" the album by Yungblud is lackluster and only about 2 1/2 songs I liked. It gets really blurry from the middle to the end ; that the tracks are just melding together with no thrill. There is a quite literally a couple of impactful lyrics in the end. It's an album I do not fancy on listening too in the future but the songs I did enjoy was"The Funeral""Memories* feat. WILLOWand partially "Sweet Heroine"
This album is incredible and damn near flawless. This is easily the best album of the year
hands down one of the most beautiful and complex album that came out this year
A real contender for best album of the year. JID is one of the most slept on rappers of all time.
Sloppy, ill-paced, and painfully long. Most of the verses are subpar, and the production is questionable at best. Bizarre Eddie Murphy sample, just as the cherry on top.
Over-hyped and messy as every other DJ Khaled project. The beats are basic and by the end of the album they all sound so similar it gives you a headache. SZA's and Takeoff's contribution were the only thing worth it.
Not a bad album, but horribly sequenced. You’d think someone as experienced as DJ Khaled would be able to put together his album better.
Hov, Baby, Takeoff, Future, 21 savage, Rick Ross, the Drake intro and the Latto+City girls song are great. hard
w album w album w album w album w album w album w album w album w album w album
This was very bad the albids ruined great songs and DJ kahlids is realy bad
A master such as DJ Khaled has to be better at bringing in a better aesthetic, and sequencing the slightly unique songs before the general ones. Boring by the 4th song!
Possibly one of the greatest Hip-Hop Album I've ever heard. The production is obviously incredible and Black Thought's pen game is pretty wild.
Black thought and danger mouse finally release this album. It was worth the wait!
This album is an insane listen. Danger Mouse is on a different level through out the entire album. Black Thought is right on the money and this is an album too look out for.
This album is a breath of fresh air in the hip-hop genre right now. Danger Mouse's funky beats mix perfectly with Black Thought's flow. I also really enjoyed the guest appearances.Bottom line is this: if you're tired of the same auto-tuned mumble rap stuff that is out there, and want to hear some REAL hip-hop, then this album will deliver ten times over.
Great album! These guys did a great collab. Awesome beats by Dangermouse and nice flow from Black Thought. The guests are enpointe as well. Aquamarine is the standout for me. Gold Teeth is great as well.
The infectiously funky, soulful groove that the record quickly settles into and a host of excellent all-star guest appearances keep "Cheat Codes" imminently listenable throughout, but the consistent outshining of Black Thought's serviceable yet unremarkable flows by Danger Mouse's stellar production and the heavy frontloading of standout tracks onto the first half sadly ultimately hold the album back from being all that it could be.Choice Cuts: "Sometimes," "The Darkest Part [feat. Raekwon and Kid Sister]," "Because [feat. Joey Bada$$, Russ and Dylan Cartlidge]," "Belize [feat. MF Doom]"
This is a fantastic album. This album is giving of old-school Hip-Hop vibes, with Danger Mouse incredible beats, samples and Black Though 's insane bars and flow. Overall its a great album from top to toe.
I love this album. Black Thought is an amazing rapper, and he really came through with this release. It has its ups and downs, sure, but it was great overall.
She really showed versatility and uniqueness on this sophomore album
Amazing. Her flows are insanely good, and I LOVE the features. 10/10 recommended
A excellent album and it was nice to finally have some vulnerable material from Megan.
One of the best hip-hop albums of the year for me! She definitely took in all the criticism from the last one and came together with a fresh production to make something more personal. I like it when we get an insight into the artist I'm listening to and Traumazine is definitely that! Congrats Meg.
From suffering to rebirth. Inspired by the endorsement of Jay-Z's Roc Nation and Beyoncé's "Renaissance," the young Houston rapper knows how to rise from her own ashes. she is tough, stern, and angry at a recording industry that wants to exploit her for money. But she won't stand for it. In songs, written as if it were a very personal narrative, she makes it clear that after the death of her parents and a stifling record contract, Thee Stallion is reborn and brings her essence to the world. An album to be enjoyed, even if you don't like hip-hop.
Álbum mt bom e gostoso de se ouvir megan mais uma vez muito coesa em seu trabalho músicas e clipes sensacionais.
iconicccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
As soon as it dropped I immediately listened to it..meg showed the hotties all her emotions of how she's really feeling nowadays and put it in her own project...love how she is out her label and talks about what she wants now
este álbum com certeza é o melhor álbum de rap dos últimos tempo, uma sensação inexplicável quando eu escuto ele, megan você mandou ver nessa. escutem traumazine.
I normally don't listen to artists like Megan Thee Stallion (it was never my type of music growing up), but after hearing songs like WAP and Sweetest Pie, I decided to give the album a listen. I am very glad that I did because the album sounds amazing. Some reviews say that the album feels similar to her previous work, which I am not sure is true because I have not listened to her prior bodies of work. The album feels fresh and new to me, so it gets a high score from me. I will say I was not a fan of the singles the first time I heard them, and listening to the album it doesn't feel representative of the sound Traumazine has. Standout tracks are Not Nice, Anxiety, NDA, and Flip Flop
This was a great album, a lot of improvement can be seen from the last album. Good job.
Oh this album is like totes amaze I can’t stop replaying it. Megan is so talented. Go Meg purr!
I love Megan's personality but I must admit the name and way she described the album made me doubt her. But, after listening she made a fool out of me and I am not mad about it. The album is unexpected in the best way. Megan was able to combine substance without losing replay value. If you are a fan of rap you will enjoy this project a lot. It one of the best albums of 2022 so far.
Strength lies in simplicity. Pretty complete, acceptable amount of collabs, isn't too short, isn't too pop, isn't too traumatized, about what I was scared for. 9/10 because of „Sweetest pie”, it shouldn't be on this album.
Amazing! I love this free and versatile nature she's giving on this album!
Traumazine is a all around 10/10. When listening we get an insight inside of Megan's mind and all of the things she has gone through. Her delivery is very good and nothing sounds the same and the dip into different genres is lovely.
Giving 10's where 10's are due. Perfect combination of personal, emotional music and fun, dance music. Do not play with Ms. Megan.
megan showed us a side of herself she has never done before and i’m so proud . so much growth since good news
WOW! Best album of 2022. Switching flows, mothering, eating, like thats my motha! I just know this, TRAUMAZINE and Born Pink will save my year!
Megan… This is your best yet! (Honorable mention is Tina Snow) You’ve grown so much and the vulnerability shown on this album is outstanding. 10/10.
Megan thee stallion has really grown as an artist. From her car freestyles to grammy wins. This album is truly a work of art
Traumazine is definitely one of Megan’s BEST album Competing with some of her all time best such as Tina Snow and Fever, Traumazine offered something different that we haven’t seen in Meg yet!
I love the album! This is the first album I’ve tuned in from her and she did not disappoint. Rico Nasty and Jhenè Aiko sounded so good on their features.
Of all the rapping horses I listen to she's definitely one of the best. More horse next time!
a full body of work!, one of the best hip hop albuns of the year so far, i can't wait to listen to more!
Megan Thee Stallion's second studio album "Traumazine" is more multifaceted, a little soft and delicious, like "sweetest pie", after her debut album, giving power, Megan decided to go for a softer transition, giving the themes of sex and love in a diverse wrapper, from power up to airiness, and new onesthe collaborators perfectly complement the album, giving it their own zest, as well as a sound on the desks that correspond to this particular artist, for example, Jhene Aiko takes the song to the sound of his latest released album “Chilombo”.Megan herself does not lag behind, changing the movement of music from the synth "NDA" to the club "Her" and the rnb sound "Not Nice", while the reading is excellent as always, and the softening in the tracks is much cleaner than in the debut album.In the end, "Traumazine" may have become the more pop side of Thee Stallion, but it gave her more opportunities to reach her potential and a vibe that is more noticeable than on the rap artist's debut record, and the release accompanying problems with the label on which she is gives album, the confrontation that Megan Thee Stallion herself personifies.
One of the best rap albums out at the moment. This album is angry, raw, cathartic! NDA and Budget are great. One of the best MCs out there at the moment.
I absolutely love it! my favorite songs, nda, red wine and gift and a curse!
this is amazing. Megan made one of the best albums of the year with your well-made compositions
Traumazine is the first Megan Thee Stallion album i wanted to listen to, and it certainly wasn't the best experience i've had with her music. This album's songs can be painfully similar to each other to the point where they sound like Part 2s. Some songs provide slightly more personal lyricism, but it doesn't feel like she is being entirely open with listeners? Anyway, this album is pretty good but it certainly isn't a career defining nor a groundbreaking album released this year.
Great album from Megan. She was talking real talk on the album. Any denial of her talent is just hate at this point.
This album is clearly her best one yet. I love the new Megan. Very recommended
Traumazine de Megan Thee Stallion. Es simplemente uno de los mejores álbumes Rap y hip hop Femenino.Megan ha demostrado a lo largo de su carrera la facilidad que tiene para rapear y tener un gran estilo, Un estilo que no cualquiera tiene, y Megan siempre tiene todo lo increíble para verse brillar, simplemente un 10.
amazing album, Megan really showed her versatility as a rap girl and left everyone with their jaws dropped!
Tens across the board! Her most diverse project to date, blows her debut out the water. It’s only up from here.
ITS SO DIFFERENT! confident, vulnerable, sexy, bold, and hard on each song!
a masterpiece from start to finish. undoubtedly her most raw and vulnerable record that is so fitting for the current context of her career.
Amazing cohesive album- different themes with beats and production that flow from one track to the next. Vulnerable, innovative, and fun. Anxiety is one of her best tracks yet!
Megan wastes no time and you can understand it with this album, her best production, her best lyrics, HER BEST ALBUM.
Honestly, she served nothing new, but of course she did her best compared to the latest albuns. High points to the production, it's really good and had put this album as her greatest. Heavy and agressive beats as her flow that did not change at all, but at least it did not keep boring. Maybe this it will be the first Megan's album wich will potencially grow on me.
é inovador e revolucionário? não. mas durante aquela meia hora cria ali um local tão aconchegante...
This album made me dance, cry and rap and I am so excited to listen to it again. Megan's vocabulary, word play and literary devices need to be studied but she's a woman so who knows when they will give her her flowers. I loved the singles and the journey of the album; getting to hear Megan's **** talking and her vulnerable side truly made me feel all the emotions. Don't be blindsided by your stereotypes on hip hop, experience the album sitting with headphones on... you will not be disappointed if you love rap.
Album is amazing, takes you through a range of emotions and every single beat is great. She showed a lot of versatility on this album and the bars are never disappointing
A very good and consistent album, a huge upgrade from Good News! This was a real and raw project! So proud of Megan :)
This album is just amazing. Her most cohesive yet personal album to date & it’s a masterpiece. She shows her versatility on tracks such as “Her” “Scary & “Red Wine”
I'm not an avid rap listener but i really enjoyed this album. I've heard Megans hits and this album is giving me a good mix of the Megan I already know and a Megan I haven't heard before. There's "angry" songs like "NDA" and "Not Nice" but also vulnerable songs like "Anxiety" and "Flip Flop" and fun pop songs like "Sweetest Pie" with Dua Lipa. Speaking of Dua, I really enjoyed the feature choices on this album. I completely understand why she chose each one for the songs they're on. My favorite was Rico Nasty on "Scary". I had never heard of her before but her and Megan make a great duo! Overall I was impressed with this album and thoroughly enjoyed it. I had never listened to a Megan album until now and based off what social media says about her being "one-note" I wasn't expecting much, but she proved both me and everyone else WRONG ! Great job Megan !
This is one of Megan Thee Stallion’s greatest body of works. From the versatility to the bars, I thoroughly enjoyed TRAUMAZINE from top to bottom
Starts off very strong with NDA, Ungrateful, and Not Nice. Gets repetitive towards the middle with Budget and Ms. Nasty. And we already heard 3 of the songs towards the end. HOWEVER, you can clearly see the story Megan is trying to tell, you can feel her emotions (particularly in Anxiety, Flip Flop, and Nor Nice), and she has something for everyone on this album. Much, MUCH better than Good News and I’m excited to see how she progresses now that she’s free from 1501.
Very solid album!!! Perfect amount of collaborations along with the amount of solo songs. One of the best albums in 2022 so far.
Traumazine doesn't do anything new but it does do it better. She's focused and taking no prisoners . The album doesn't focus as much on her trauma than what good news had done already. It feels more mature than her other records but i don't see it making an impact like her big label debut only because of how rushed and confused the release was.
The album ain't it. It's just the old Megan with the same verses and just talking the same thing. Nothing new under the sun.
First couple songs were good, however Megan hasn't grown as an artist at all, and because of this, the album feels very monotonous and nothing really new.
"Not Nice" (to me) was the only song worth listening, too. I keep hearing it's better than "Good News," but that doesn't make the album great. Her flows stay same and her singing is very mediocre. It was an ok album.
Great album, we can feel that Tina Snow is back! And at the same time, get to experience a more open and vulnerable Megan.
Boring, Megan hasn't grown as an artist. The title of the song is only captured in 3-4 songs out of 18. The rest she's just talking of the same old thing, iykyk....ah!
Megan Thee stallion is a flop. This is a trash album, she talks about the same things over and over again. Like oh my god get a job you ****
It is a hot mess. Some songs have emotional depth but again, everything is just about s*x.
Legendary, versatile a no skip album!! What’s a Queen to a Goddess! She’s the Goddess of Rap!!!
i give it 4 stars ratedAlthough kinda felt like this one starts off with a banger plus all of these songs she collabrated are totally on fireFuture,latto,dua lipa,and so many other artistsTrack like sweetest pie,nda,
The indomitable confidence, sexual frankness and abundance of #girlboss energy Megan brings to "Traumazine" certainly leave a strong impression and will undoubtedly work wonders for the rapper's diehard fans, but threadbare beats, ultra-repetitive subject matter and same-y flows consistently lacking in technical rapping ability are likely to cause a quick onset of tedium and exhaustion for anyone else.
An amazing album. It really was well thought after. I really felt sad to hear about the passing of her mum. I know your mum is proud of you Meg.
Love this album! she change tje flow too many times in 1 song. Ending others flops
Sem letra o álbum,batidas repetitivas que enjoa de escutar em questão de segundos
this is one of the best rapper albums I’ve ever listen to ,it’s so phenomenal and gorgeous album
all tracks sounds the same, she needs to stop making that type of **** she can learn from doja, she went from generic rap to hot pink to planet her.
so good and cold, meg did her thingthe different sounds and genres, the bars and flows come together making the best
So bad. Repetitive. Boring. Same old flow. Yikes. She should just retire. zzzzzz
Nunca será nicki minaj, por mais que tente, só anaconda ja é melhor q esse album
Good music and visuals, but not give Megan Thee Vibes like other albuns, beats communs and with sm of Dance/Eletronic, not so compatible with her flows.
Megan, took us to a new steppe. And she showed what rap can be. Other. We're all used to the same sound from all artists. But Meghan showed that everything can be different.
How tf do people even like this trashy album by a trashy female artist???? Everything is trashy!!
i love how this is good… this is the biggest CAVALONA of the world! a **** album.
10/10 Meg is very vulnerable and this is her rawest album yet!! She’s tells a story through each bar and the beats in this album are addictive
it suckssssss just like her entire discography. all she does is shake her ass & wear terrible outfits three sizes too small. stream ‘super freaky girl’ by nicki minaj for clear skin besties :)
Love love love love. Megan is showing consistency and growth and I love to see it. She’s served us with one of her most vulnerable pieces ever and did it while serving her hotties a hot ass meal
Megan has showed that she is the new rap girl! start her debut with Beyonce remix and now how mature she is, real girl hot sh1t is so fab! we are so proud of you.
Very solid album her most versatile project to date. It’s three albums in one.
ZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!!!!
Me da miedo y no me gusta nada sorry no quuerk ser malo pero no me husta nada
Loved this album, I feel like she HER is just something incredible. I like where she is going with her work
I love Megan thee stallion and I love this album. She really showed out with this one.
clearly not taken as long and hard to make because it could easily be improved but still manages to make a decent attempt. She will need to come back stronger in my opinion.
It’s a good album, with some good songs like her, gift a curse & red wine other Maybe not my type…
Same flow as always, and I’m really not liking the new wave of music production
In a genre that I usually find myself straying from, Megan manages to create a body of work with Traumazine that is not only full of substance, but that is sonically excellent to listen to. It feels fresh, fun and I think suffers mainly from the singles being not entirely indicative of the album contents.
This was an amazing album. She took her art serious this time and it really paid off.
Unlike most mainstream artists this day and age, Megan is seen shining her brightest and boldest when helming a track by her lonesome. Fierce, powerful, and direct are the bars and cadences that flow from Megan like the true water bearer she is.
It’s okay. Don’t get me wrong, Megan still had amazing bars and flows, and production was really solid throughout, but the main thing that brings this album down is the features. Latto, Rico Nasty, and Dua Lipa were great, but Key Glock sounds like he’s almost asleep, Pooh Shiesty and Future have no chemistry with Megan, Jhene Aiko wasn’t bad, but you can barely focus on her vocals when Megan’s singing along in the background, Lucky Daye is forgettable, and half of the people on Southside Royalty Freestyle sound like they’re just talking. I love it and hate it at the same time, and that’s what gets it a five.
Not a fan of this one. Em’s got bangers for sure, but WHO’S IDEA WS IT TO MAKE THIS ALBUM TWO AND A HALF HOURS LONG!? I was just out of it after the first half. I would have loved a shorter compilation album, but this one’s too long to be enjoyable.
Eminem is the best rapper of all time, but the same thing happens to him as Nas, he releases worse and worse albums.
Joey is boombap kig of the new generation. Boom bap is not trendy genre, but it will remain for hipop. And he do boombap forever. He is saving the hip hop now! So I rated this elbum to high score.
What I find particularly egregious about this album is its stale, braggadocios lyrical content. Despite being well-produced, most of its songs' melodies have little sonic variation between them. The only songs on this album I consider good are Wanna Be Loved, due in large part to JID's verse on it, and Survivors Guilt. But even then, they aren't songs that I would come back to listen to.
Joey comes back with great flows and stale braggadocious lyrics. The production is great but not a whole lot is being said besides how great he is. Survivors Guilt is a great emotional song and a highlight on this album.
Her new debut album didn’t disappoint. Top track - conceited. Hits after hits
THIS ALBUM IS SOMETHING DIFFERENT OUT OF FLO MILLI! it was really so good. it deserves many nominations and wins during the next award season. no one is doing it like her, check out Bed Time, Conceited, and Big Steppa
After a spectacular debut mixtape Flo Milli continues showing her rap skills in her debut album. Paired with visuals and skits that remember iconic tv shows, Flo Milli really knows how to entertain her listeners. Honestly this albums deserves way more success than it got.
El album es muy bueno por donde se le mire, con el rap, pop y los distintos generos usados en el album lo hacen muy bueno, la increible voz de lizzo le da una vibra increible al album.
With a lot of expectations on her back following the greatness of "Cuz I Love You", Lizzo returns with "Special" that seems like a parody of herself more than anything. Featuring either powerful anthems like the amazing title track, "Naked" and "The Sign", there's multiple embarrassing duds like "Grrrls", "Everybody's Gay" and "I Love You **** It's a bit everywhere, lacking focus and thus bringing down the quality of the record. Although it's not as charming as her debut studio album, it still works on the magical standouts songs… but only them sadly.5/10///// SPOILER /////Honorable Mentions: The Sign, About Damn Time, Special, Naked, Break Up TwiceLeast Favorites: Grrrls, Everybody's Gay, I Love You **** If You Love Me
It's very good album! Lizzo has a beautiful voice!2 Be Loved, About damn time are really hits!!!
pretty boring to be honest it feels like it was made specifically towards tik tok viral moments.
love the new album, its so positive!the kind of music that makes you want to get up and dance.
The album is awesome. It is from this album that the pop music of 2022 has returned. Yes, there are a bit similar tracks, but this album is just for fun, relaxing with a beer.
Lizzo is a beacon. She's an energetic, body positive and contagious eruption of joy. Her image is one of improvement in all facets of life and knowing that it's okay to not feel okay . Her 2019 major label succeeded because of this inimitable presence she casts and as this record shows this one should be. "Special " might not live up to it's name in terms of giving us a new side or sound of lizzo's but it sure does if it pertains to how it makes you feel. This record feels good to listen to ,beginning with a bubbling lizzo's saying **** ,did you miss me?" knowing just how much awfulness has happened between now and "Truth Hurts" . "The sign " is my favorite off the record because it's the most free she's sounded. The lead single "about damn time" had failed to resonate with me beyond the fact it wasn't awful but on the album it's a full fun confident wake up call . The third song is one of the worst I've heard from her and i don't think that because of it's slight controversy over containing a slur ,no. Instead it's because of how painful it sounds. It's nearly a parody with how thin the lyrics feel or how annoying the chorus just is,this being a single was a big mistake. Max Martin arrives to help usher in one of lizzo's catches songs 2beloved(im ready) . It's an earworm weirdly reminiscent of Adeles 30 (especially "can i get it") and it's just an all round romp. "I love you **** " is an inoffensive generic best friend anthem that i can enjoy but will most likely skip in the future but "break up twice " is a show stopper! Lauryn Hills Doo Wop (one thing) is interpolated to fantastic results
Lizzo once again reinvents herself and remain original and creative, even amongst an industry filled with basic artists and basic songs. Special brings a sonority very distinct from her previous works, but keeps the quality of the production. Once again, Lizzo is unafraid to put her soul, her personality and her thoughts into her songs, staying true to herself but still inovating and perfecting her craft. The introductory track "The Sign" speaks directly to the listener and it's a great way to start the album, and throughout it, the songs keep connected to each other, it's all part of a beautiful storyline that closes perfectly on "Coldplay". She did it again, the wait was definitely worth it!
Its arrangements don't reinvent the R&B wheel [though the odd searing guitar solo and more acoustic folk-minded track make for welcome bridges to other genres] and its lyrical content isn't particularly profound or revelatory, but the irrepressible joy and abundant positive vibes Lizzo infuses every second of "Special" with via peppy instrumentals and her stellar vocals make the record one that's nonetheless hard to resist for the sheer uplift the singer provides to listeners as well as herself.Choice Cuts: "2 Be Loved [Am I Ready]," "Special," "Naked," "If You Love Me"
When I found out about the original concept of the album [rock and politic], I was a bit disappointed remembering the genres that are in the current project, according to critics. Throughout the LP, I heard a lot of things that sound like Cuz I Love You: body positivity, cursing, uncontrolled screaming and Hip-Hop with funk. I thought that Lizzo would improve musically, but I see that she has remained at the same point since 2019, which has benefited her in marketing. Perhaps, as an independent, she was doing better... The only thing that helped change my perspective was the final message on the "Special" edition of AppleMusic: an album made out of love for modern times. A good one, but it does not help to ascend.fav tracks: "Naked", "Birthday Girl", "Coldplay", "Special" & "Everybody's Gay"KEY-TRACK: "About Damn Time"
this album really does stay true to itself... it's truly SPECIAL. i'm speechless
She always makes me extremely happy with her music.I love her voice. She’s so sweet and has a great taste in music. Her genres and music performances are just great. My lizzo
Fue un viaje entretenido desde principio a fin. Lo que hizo Lizzo aquí es especial.
Apesar das mensagens importantes e positivas, a maior parte destas músicas soam algo repetitivas e já antes feitas...Com este album todos esperavamos uma evolução de Lizzo como artista e talvez o projeto tenha ficado um pouco aquém das expectativas. Lizzo continua a ser mais uma artista de singles.
In Lizzo's sophomore record, she manages to expand her sound while maintaining the original attractive qualities of her music. Special goes into more depth than her classic "I'm a bad **** and love myself" message. Though this message is still there, it doesn't take up the entire album and it delivers it better than before. The record has some very superficial tracks that still manage to draw you in with its catchy tunes and well-done production. This can be seen in songs like about damn time and birthday girl. The album particularly shines in the deep cuts such as naked and if you love me. Special is a drastic improvement for Lizzo and is a very promising project with few flaws to pick out.
It was sooo corny with no true depth. It's like she was wearing a mask of positivity. It was as if she was hiding her true feelings... with cookie cutter lyrics. Very lackluster.
i think her latest album is such a BOP album,i love the lizzo the way she is
lizzo literally slayed with this album. i honestly have no idea how people online think it's underwhelming; it's just perfect
this album is ok for me, it's cute. there aren't songs with deep meaning and the production is efficient.
Lizzo on this album sounds espectacular. The lyrics are simple and you can understand the message right away after you start listening to it, the production and the vocals are the highlight here. She talks about self-love and female empowerment and I'm here for it. She deserves everything.
I've been a huge fan of Lizzo's previous album and I am extremely disappointed with this album. The production was fun but the lyrics were horrible. Since this is a pop album, I didn't expect them to be outstanding; the problem was that they were bad even for a pop album. The titles are awful, remind me of t shirt slogans. She should have kept the sound of rumors. Also I cannot ignore how this album is extremely short, like a lot of newer pop albums . Most of the tracks were underwhelming and just plain boring. I'm looking forward to a better one in the future.
Todas las canciones hablan de lo mismo, cambia de tema por favor. El álbum tiene tres canciones buenas. Hay que decir que los samples que tiene están bien usados, pero nada nuevo comparado con Cuz I Love You. Además, la mayoría de las canciones son iguales, y la escuchar el álbum es ABURRIDO. Se me hace más amena la escucha de Cuz I Love You o Big GRRRL Small World.
The songs are fun but it feels like it's the same one over and over again. I think this lowers the quality of a record that, regarding the expectations, could have been a smash project.
This album is terrific. Productions are on point and the lyrics are beautiful and powerful just like Lizzo's voice. It's one of the best albums released this year for sure.
Lizzo's proving she's not an "one hit wonder artist". With an energetic, free and empowered vibe, she connects the listeners with all her possibilities as a woman... From the strong, independent one to her party and sexy side, without denying her vulnerabilities, especially as a black woman. Mixing pop, house and r&b elements, she creates a classy album. It's completely personal and still dancing.
Amo que lizzo se haya arriesgado a otro concepto diferente al de Cuz I Love You, y lo logro muy bien, me parece un buen album con una produccion excelente y letras muy buenas, muchas felicidades a Lizzo por este album.
feeling completely amazed with Lizzo's powerful voice in this album, all the songs take us to another levels, I felt fancy, I thought about my life, I had fun, I cried, Lizzo brought us an amazing experience specially on break up twice, this girl is such a big star!
La cantante regreso un increible concepto, canciones muy bien producidad y escritas, me parece una maravilla teniendo increibles canciones como 2 Be Loved y Special, un album de amor propio muy bueno
Maravilhosa como sempre e minha música favorita já é "Everbody's Gays" Lizzo você sempre será famosa
Este es un album revelador de una parte de lizzo, canciones como About Damn Time y I Love You Bit*** son canciones de amarse a si mismo, como todo el album, en conclucion a como nos dice lizzo, tenemos que amarnos y ella no lo dice con Speacia y i Love You B****
O Álbum é incrível tem uma sonoridade diferente do que a lizzo já trouxe, as letras mais uma vez falando sobre empoderamento e de como a mulher tem que se sentir Amada Da forma que ela é
Best album from Lizzo. Extremely well crafted, cohesive, and setting a new bar in her career. A ground-breaking force & emotional booster that can turn around any bad day.
Amei o álbum, me traz memória boa e me mostra que a lizzo permanece feliz e única.
Album is a great comeback of Lizzo, songs are full of her energy but I'm sad that song "Rumors" featuring Cardi B isn't on the album.
Her last album "Cuz I Love You" was a masterpiece., for me. So my expectations were HIGH and I started to listen to "Special" kind of scared because I hate to disappointed.But to my surprise she does not. The first song "The Sign" started and I was into it from the first beat. And I was into it until the last song "Coldplay" ended.I don't want to take away too much but the way she fuses disco, r&b, hip hop with modern themes, honest lyrics, metaphors and amazingly handled samples (Coldplay, Kool & the Gang, Lauryn Hill...) amazes me. After her major-label debut and the stand-alone "Rumors" this album is exactly what it needs to be.Lizzo said lately "I worked real hard on it, so it better be good" (quote) and all I can say is:It's not good, it's amazing!
A true declaration of self love. It's powerful and fun. You can feel the truth in every word.
The best album of 2022 incredible songs that make you dance. With incredible sounds that make you remember Britney Spears, Maddona, The weekend, Prince, Beyonce, etc... . But I feel like there's something missing on this record
Lizzo is a great artist. Fun, powerful voice, comes across likeable. But when she goes out of her way to win Twitter points, put out some grandiose 'girl boss' persona, etc., I roll my eyes. Maybe she'll stop caring what people think and focus solely on the music for future projects. Also, the big majority of the tracks just sound like cringy gen-z quotes to me. it kind of feels like toxic positivity to me.
The album is one for the books for Lizzo. It is full of energy and positivity. Her song Special is my favorite from the entire project. She is so vibrant and puts it into her music.
Sinto que ela tentou fazer um álbum Jazz/Rap/Dance, más não conseguiu inovar, seu último álbum Cuz I Love You deixou grandes expectativas para seu próximo álbum, não acho que foram atendidas.
É um álbum bem legal, divertido e tem faixas bem bacanas também, mas não passa disso, apesar de ser um álbum bom parece que não tem nada demais.
Lady gaga and Nicki Minaj did it better! this lady really should take a note from the queens! Apparently she need to stop clown herself.
"Special" feels like a confidently put together project with everything that Lizzo's learned through her career. The songs feel classically Lizzo but in a way that doesn't come across as boring or cheap. Highlights include: "2 Be Loved (I am ready)" and "If You Love Me" with other tracks like "Everybody's Gay" and "Coldplay" coming in as great tracks.This album deserves your listen.
I loved so much this album, the all álbum have a good energy and talk so much with me, her voice is PERFECT, I’m like how lizzo take your humor, and your jokes and pass to the music, when she says sheesh I in the moments close my eyes and smile seeing she saying this little word
The best afro beats album since African GiantThis is no shade to Twice as Tall which is a 9/10 imo But this album is different gravy!!Burna the
No other does it better than Burna when it comes to afro-fusion. Love, Damini is a masterpiece.
A proper representation of an afro-fusion album. Sounds different from the preceding project, Twice As Twice, and easily stretches wider on the commercial scale, but still retains the level of lyrical richness that often symbolises the regular Burna Boy projects. Another masterpiece.
Burna doesnt miss, does he?Another classic in the bag,Honestly thought he rushed after just one year since twice as tall, but i ate my words. Oluwaburna, Odogwu, greatest artist in Africa.
This album is a vibe upon vibe... He emphasized bout his heartbreak,his society as he always does (whiskey) a track in the album where he sing about the co current flooding in his home city Port Harcourt, Nigeria... The track with Ed Sheeran gonna make mad numbers... Great album
It does shine and has a lot of potential, and one can’t compare it to “African Giant” , as that album is a masterpiece in itself; or the Grammy Award-winning “Twice As Tall” Love, Domini still strikes an impressive balance between soulful blow and heartfelt
Love this ❤️Damini
Another classic from the man. I was blown away by this project. Lupe constantly shows us that his pen is not from earth.
Lupe doing what he does, SPITTINGI wish it was a bit longer but regardless, great album
Lupes best work in almost a decade. Masterful lyricism and flow. An absolute pleasure to the ears of any rap fan.
This is, in my opinion, his worst project in his stellar career. I expected more from him
This album is so boring. I slept midway through the album. I don't get why this album is so overrated.
In just 72 hours of writing, Lupe managed to perfectly express his anger and sadness on the negative effect of drill music in Chicago and beyond. The relaxed production superbly compliments the clearer and more straight forward verses from Fiasco, something the casual fan may have complained about in his previous, more dense, albums. Whether you're a Harvard graduated Lupe stan or new to the Chicago emcee, this is a must listen.
A few tracks either drag on past their natural end point or stop just as they get going, and the laid-back instrumentals slightly dampen the urgent bite of Lupe's ever-socially conscious lyricism, but the free-flowing style of the rapper's pensive yet incisive musings on art, capitalism and American society writ large nevertheless meshes well with the record's loose, jazzy beats and ensures "Drill Music in Zion" ultimately satisfies as a thinking man's rap album.Choice Cuts: "GHOTI," "PRECIOUS THINGS [feat. Nayirah]," "KIOSK," "MS. MURAL"
It’s genuinely impressive that this album was created in under 72 hours. Smooth production, dense lyricism and amazing songwriting combine for one of the best albums of the year so far.
DMIZ continues Lupe's success with thematic album, this time packed neatly in a ten track 40 minute project.
another great album late in lupe career. cohesive, concise and needed in these times.
Great album. The fact that Lupe wrote this whole album in 72 hours and was able to bring master lyricism and flows shows him to be an all time great.
nice and chill project. chill but not boring at all with a good message. recommend
Wow this was terrible not even remotely close to the drake we love and know it’s literally bad lyrics and dance music from like gta strip clubs
As much as I appreciate Drake taking a risk and switching up his style, this just isn't what I wanted to hear. Drake's singing on some of these tracks (especially "Falling Back") is absolutely abominable. The majority of the beats sound bland, and I feel like Drake really offers less substantive lyrics than ever before. That being said, some of the songs actually provide a pretty nice moody vibe and are just fun to listen to when you're spending time with your thoughts at night. Drake, however, vocally and lyrically offers little to nothing to these songs so that their appeal mostly come down to the beats or the instrumentals. Overall just another project that Drake seemingly didn't put in much effort for. His cruise on autopilot continues, even if he slightly altered his course by turning to more of a house music kind of style.
"Honestly, Nevermind". My thoughts exactly when I hoped this album would be at least a decent Drake project. The album sounds like a 52 minute version of Get It Together. The production is dry, the bars are extreme cringe, and the delivery is flatter than a board. This is easily the worst Drake has ever been. The only thing saving this album from a 0/10 is the final track which, while pretty generic, was much better than the rest of the album. Drake must've lost a bet in the NBA finals with the Celtics and this was their punishment for it.
Lazy. Drake is still auto-piloting, but this time over generic dance beats. Nothing sounds awful, just very uninspired and dull.
Dear Americans, grow up and get hold of some vibes. Go to a beach, put this album on the speakers and start dancing.- A fellow European
I love albums where each song rolls into the next. Each song also tells a part of a simple story
Drake finally took some big risks and focused on one cohesive sound. On the last few projects, he was stuck in a routine of trying to please every type of fan he has, and he ended up with bloated, formulaic albums that tried to do too much at once. This time, he picked one lane (singing over dance music) and fully committed himself to it, pushing himself out of his usual formula. I never thought we’d get a cohesive 14-song album from Drake again—especially one with this much experimentation—and I’m very happy with the surprise. He finally stopped trying to appease all his fans
i never really liked drake, but even I can tell this album is gass without the g.album felt very lazy and sounds like it was made in garage band on an iphone 6.
An average album, very average, compared to "Scorpion", "Views" and so on. Drake really stopped being an artist. The only track that "services" is "Sticky"
one of the most boring albums since the start of this decade, extremely generic and uninspired
This is Drake’s most pop centric album since Views, and comes just 9 months after he released the much awaited CLB. It also lacks many features, with the only one being 21 Savage on Jimmy Cook’s, which I think is the best song. It’s a pretty generic album, with most of the songs following a simple and similar tempo. Drake leans into his singing side more than his rapping side, and while he’s talented at both I prefer one more than the other. I think this album will divide Drake fans because of how far he leans one way. Worth a listen but nothing special.
I really liked the vibe of the album. it's a pretty good upgrade after that CLB disaster. obviously he's trying to get back to what he used to be; an innovative artist and I think it's working. there are some junk tracks again but just a few, overall it's good.
What’s frustrating is everyone calling this a bad album. I think it’s a great album with production dedicated for a summer. I throughly enjoyed most tracks.
I suggest Black Coffee work with a better artist next time. Idea around a house album is great, execution is not. Another L for Drake.
I’ve been waiting a long time for drake to try something new, and I’m very happy with the outcome.
The best album from Drake, he really left his comfort zone with this project and he did incredible.
Despite the more interesting, housier beats, this album has some of the blandest, least interesting performances drake has ever put to tape.
An album that really didn't need to be made at all with very bland vocals and house beats. Some of the songs sound very uninspired and all over the place. It's just a very strange and confusing album and I am not sure why someone like Drake a huge name in the industry couldn't connect with those who could help better or push the sound he wanted. I admire Drake wanting to move into new territory but there is almost no excuse, especially considering how well connected he is. Anyone that's giving this album a 10 is full of delusion and fanboyism. This is probably the most generic bland album I have ever listened to in my entire life
This album is so mediocre boring and bland I couldn’t even Believe he released this half baked project
Another lacklustre Drake Album, who could’ve seen that coming?Anyways, incredibly boring, overly repetitive, and drawn out songs that really aren’t anything new from Drake and definitely hard to sit through. This album would’ve seriously benefitted from much shorter songs, and a much shorter track list. It would still be underwhelming, but it would be much better.The only song that’s worth it is the last one with 21 Savage. At least Drake shows some energy on this track, and 21 kills his verse. Other than that, this album isn’t worth it.Ever since the release of Scorpion, Drake has been getting lazier and lazier, and that doesn’t seem to be changing anytime soon. Until he pulls his head out of his ass and starts to puts some effort into his music again, I’ll be listening to If You’re Reading This It’s Too Late.
Clássico álbum do Drake. É a cara do quão medíocre e superestimado é ele.É o perfil do álbum feito pra ter alguns hits e ganhar engajamento principalmente em dancinha de TikTok ou algo do tipo.Fora 1 ou 2 músicas que tem sua qualidade, o resto é muito, muito medíocre. Impressionante como Drake tem 35 anos mas não tem maturidade suficiente pra fazer letras que sejam profundas o bastante pra ultrapassar um aluno do nono ano do colégio que faz aula de poesia.Medíocre, é a definição do álbum. Mas mesmo assim, melhor que o chorume que foi CLB. Parabéns pela "evolução" Drake!
It's not very good. I get what he was trying to do, but my god did he fail. It's okay to try something new, Ye did it with 808s and again with Yeezus, but Drake is no Ye. Drake's strength comes from his easy-to-listen-to rap. It was nothing truly exceptional, but it sold. Drake was never groundbreaking, he didn't have to be. This, however, is not very good. It's generic, trite, and all-around disappointing.
WOW, this album is BAD! After Certified Lover Boy, which I thought was extremely meh, I would've thought Drake would put in SOME effort to make a good album. Guess I was wrong, this is one of the laziest albums I've ever heard.
What a mid release nothing superior about it all good but there’s no hits soongs like his another albums
This is legit garbage lol. Dude is just releasing to release and is just singing over bland music beats. Really unoriginal
This is probably one of the worst albums in 2022, underwhelming music. Drake should've spent more time with this record, to try and make it a little more... listenable.
This is honestly just straight bad....dude hasn't put out a decent album in a while now.
The album is a refreshing change of paces from Drake as his prior project begun to feel safe without any true risk with experimentation. House music is rooted in Black culture dating back to Chicago and Detroit with pioneers such as Frankie Knuckles and Ron Hardy. Drake's take on House music is fun, light, and energetic.The overall album is his most cohesive since NWTS or Take Care. In 5-years from now, it would be hard to not place this project in with his best bodies of work. 10/10 for a strong body of work that is completely out of Drake's comfort zone.
I wish he did 'honestly nevermind'. This album is so boring that it serves as a vacuum for your energy. It has been 7 years since Drake made a good album, I wonder if we will ever see another one.
Bad house, bad Drake, but a lazily crapped out album that Stans will insist is something new and revolutionary.
… the goat i can’t even fathom the greatness we are witnessing. drake tapped into a new scene of music and these tracks will be mixed to death at every festival, club, etc… he really done it
Quite a surprise of an album with a great vibe for the summer, nothing exceptional but I feel like this album will grow on a lot of people.
This is one of the albums ever, it had production, it had lyrics, and it’s the first ever album to have over 1 lesbillion digital sales and streaming, this takes hiphop to while new level that even kendrick can’t top it, you only need this in your album collection or better ifnot or it will entirely ruined your album hype going around the corner #honestlynevermindsweep
For an artist like Drake, who has perfected an album formula designed for chart domination and party ubiquity, this is a surprise album in every sense of the term.Largely a departure from rap, HN finds Drake crooning passionately over house beats, making for some of the most refreshing and interesting music of his record-breaking career.While it’s sure to divide his fans (and haters), by veering from his strategy of trying to appease a electric mix of listeners Drake has produced a focused, challenging project that one suspects will age favourably. Highlights include Falling Back, Texts Go Green, Sticky, Massive, Ties That Bind, Overdrive, Liability and Jimmy Cooks.
Another Drake's album we didn't want and didn't need. 100% commercial/shopping mall soulless pop music.
As much as I give Drake a hard time, I will admit that he is normally great at what he does....This album was not it though. It didn't seem well thought out and rushed. The best way to describe this album is wet bread...Drake doesn't have to vocal strength/skill to sing on a whole album. He needs real singers to back him up.
One of the worst album of the century.He fell off since 2015, better retire or spent more years to make albums.
I really was hoping I would enjoy this, but in my honest opinion, this is already the 2nd worst album of the decade, with Drake also claiming the number one spot with Certified Lover Boy. Drake continues to prove that he doesn't give a damn about his music anymore and proceeds to curse our ears with these abhorrent sound waves coming into our ear canals, vibrating our eardrums, producing a sound that he has the audacity to call quality music. Avoid this album at all costs
After CLB (which I thought was okay) I was hoping Drake's next album would be one of his best. Pretty disappointed by this one I can't lie. I guess he deserves credit for switching up his sound but he did not do it well in my opinion. This could've been a great album and it has its merits but everything about it is extremely underwhelming overall. I don't like the album as a whole, and the few songs that are okay are nowhere near Drake's best. Even his other albums that I would consider on the weaker side have at least one or two songs I really like that bring me back to it, but I can't say the same about this album. I hope his next is better.
There is no good song other that a little in this drake album. no good. no good.
Um Esforço e um respeito as fãs sempre tentando trazer novidades e não indo ao óbvio, Mesmo com a carreira consagrada são poucos que se atrevem
Genuinely a project that grows on you. Although I loved it from the beginning, the more I listened to it the better it was. I also had a lot of peopleThat agreed with this. If you listen to it without expecting a hip-hop album, I think it gives you a better ear for it. A beautiful curve ball.
The melodies keep on playing on my head… can’t get enough of it.. album of the year for me
Somehow throughout the way, sadly, we lost Drake. Not even a decent effort, Drake continuous to disappoint his most loyal fan base.
The GOAT returns with a left-field classic. Gets better with every listen. Polarizing but will eventually get its credit like 808s.
Don't ever surprise me with your garbage albums drake, this is one of the worst albums in 2022
if u don’t understand the album, it wasn’t made for you, so damn good and well done
A really different album from Drake here, but I do believe this is good… tracks to listen out for are “falling back”, “texts go green”, “massive” and “flights booked”
album of the year + drake is a GOAT. falling back will win song of the year for sure
Some of most underwhelming music he’s ever released, different type of style with this one, might not resonate with most, but might grow to enjoy some tracks
People keep comparing the reaction to 808s but it’s not that. AT ALL. 808s was genre shifting. This is just regular dance/house. It’s pretty bad dance music at that. Some songs just drag on and on. When you start vining to something, Drake comes in and says something stupid. Nothing on here for anyone that isn’t a Drake stan.
A strange album. The album is all over the place, there are quite a few different genres in it, but none done particularly well. I like Jimmy Crooks that song will be popular, its a classic Drake song. Some nice production on here with cool electronic sounds, but some bad production too. I think the autotune on the album is too much. Which is an odd choice because drake can sing, and has sounded better on previous records.But honestly, loads of 2 min songs that are just so meh like Calling My Name,Currents,A Keeper. One whole minute of the song is just the same line repeated. Then there's like a house song. His singing is really not great. Its just not very good, quite uninspiring, and allover the place.
Is there an artist who is less outgoing with his sound than drake? Another attempt to tap the well of Caribbean sound as seen in more life is an unmotivated and boring go of it. Nothing sticks out here really, and this album is destined to be forgotten, and it should be. I will say it, drake has gotten complacent. Nothing he has made in 5 years is even remotely interesting, he works better when he has a chip on his shoulder.
As both a EDM and hip hop fan, this **** is the WORST ALBUM OF THE YEAR. Only decent / good song was Jimmy Cooks, which 21 carried. WTF are these lyrics??? YOUR **** CALLING MY NAME???? WTF. When **** see Aubrey Graham they **** turn into the **** SAHARA NOT THE OCEAN. WTFFFFFF.
It lived up to everything I expected from an experimental Dance/House Album
Drake decided to wake up and give the gays everything they want. The first half of the album is pretty mid and 'Sticky' is probably the worst song I've ever listened to, but from 'Massive' onwards, it is a PERFECT album.
Praticamente um álbum solo, não se escorou em ninguém então um 8 pela coragem
Drake's 'Honestly, Nevermind' album comes only about six months after his release of 'Certified Lover Boy'... and the fact that it comes out only six months after that very much shows on this album. Throughout the album, Drake's vocals sound like they were recorded and slapped on the song raw through Apple's "Voice Memos" app, and "Falling Back" sounding like it was mixed through a pair of dollar tree earbuds. Speaking of production, whoever decided it was a good idea to put a looping sound of bed springs on the track "Currents" should be fired immediately.Lyrically and vocally, it's fairly similar to 'Certified Lover Boy'. It's boring, sleepy, and bland, but something a little bit newer: repetitive. Who knows why Drake thought it would be a good idea on some of the tracks to repeat the same hook over and over again... maybe he's forgot how to write a song? Let's get this clear: it's usually verse — chorus — verse — chorus —bridge — chorus — outro. Perhaps this is Drake's attempt to be quirky and different? But, to me, the only thing it accomplished is making the album an all around drag to listen to.The best song on this album is in fact the 'Intro' track, it's mesmerizing, luscious, and ambient. However, after that track, it's just all downhill, with one last attempt of revival at the end with a somewhat listenable song with 21 Savage. I feel like Drake has lost his touch and passion for music and is just releasing music to get streams. He should take as much time as possible to really work on an album with an increased attention to detail instead of taking six months to make a horrific attempt at making a house music inspired album that belongs in the speakers of an ice skating rink, only to be subconsciously listened to.
A different sound than your typical Drake project. I feel that it could be better in a lot of ways, but is a nice listen once you’ve got the gist of it.
Drake's most different album so far. Nobody imagined that he would release an all-dance album. I loved that he stepped out of his comfort zone and delivered excellent productions.
El MIDAS del pop anglosajon. Este tipo nació para esto entiendanlo yaaaa. Honestly prefiero el Drizzy versátil, incursionado en géneros nuevos, claramente es un álbum muy comercial lo reconozco. But afrobeat, danceHall, rap, pop, UK drill, reguetón, r&b and ..., con el respeto de todos Drake y Bad Bunny son el Google, el motor de arranque de música a nivel global . Mi humilde opinión team DRIZZY. Hater HONESTLY, NEVERMIND...
It’s a House music album I enjoyed it, thought it was different from the last albums.
People expected a rap album but it's not bad for a dance album. Very cohesive project and he stuck with one sound. It's more like a playlist imo for whenever you're in a late night dancy mood.
This new album by Drake is refreshing, the use of R&B and pop in this album show off how he has used these elements to his advantage. The production value on this album in some tracks feels stronger than some on CLB. However, this album can be improved upon, as some parts in this album are weaker and need more. Therefore, I will be giving this album a 7/10.
This is gonna be a underrated drake album I can already tell it cause it's reviews aren't good. It's a good recovery from clb
bro... i honestly expected more, i was disappointed... sorry drake, I did not like
I didn't know what to expect from the album. But i was quite surprised to hear a house album. But soon i realised that every track sounded the same. Except for the last one they all sound like "Get it together" from "More Life". The Album is really boring and i'm not quite sure if CLB or this one was worse. The title sums up the album quite well. "Honestly, Nevermind"
Mid, Only 2 listenable songs, all the other ones are mid. If this is the direction Drake is going, its not good.
Honestly, he could have kept this one. Actually I have never understood the hype on Drake, I think he is too overrated. The album is full of basic beats and lyrics, and (as always) there aren't almost any rhymes. Very disappointing.
its really a 6.5 but ratio yall cant calll it a 4.5 goofy ahh kids scary hours 3 is dropping so pipe down
Honestly, Nevermind was actually not a bad album sure it not better then drake's other ablums but way better then Certified Lover Boy one of Drake's worst ablum he ever produced, the music in the ablum is actually not that bad and the songs are really pretty cool to listen but it is the best ablum of 2022, no kendrick lamar and the weeknd made better ablum then what drake is doing i mean sure drake will never come back to it golden age of his carrer but still this is not a bad ablum from the rapper in general.
After a few listens this album started to grow on me. It certainly isn’t a “dance” album at all, it’s more of an emotional slow ride that shines in that regard. People hated on Drake for CLB for not trying something new, yet he does so in this album and people hate it because of the fact it’s different. I don’t believe his intention was to make a massive breakthrough, but rather follow up on his previous album with a different stance. This is a solid, emotional and rhythmic listen; one that I truly enjoy.
My biggest problem with Drake over the course of his career has been his unwillingness to evolve or experiment. The last time he really stepped out of his comfort zone (before this record) was on IYRITL, which is far and away my favorite drake project, and ever since that record I've been waiting for him to step into similarly uncharted territory on a studio album. So when this album dropped by surprise and I heard from people that it was wildly different that what he was doing on CLB I was actually pretty excited. I could have not been more wrong. This album is awful, absolutely terrible. There are numerous Drake projects I dislike, in fact his last three or four studio albums I've found to be pretty lackluster overall, but this is the first album of his that I would consider to be an absolute disaster. I have no problem with Drake playing with different sounds, be it house music or anything else, but to do it so lazily and soullessly just boggles my mind. I can't recommend this to anyone, unless you think you'd enjoy the musical equivalent of waiting in line at the dmv
I Love Me Some Drake And All Types Of Music From Around The World. But This Album Is So Bad..That I Can't Even Stand To Finish It! Meaning Listen To The Rest! 78 Per Cent Of His Trolls Are Liking His Garbage! I'm Like.. My God..It's Awful! I CANT! Smh Lol
This **** is trash. Drake’s worst laziest piece of work yet. First time in his career he pretends to take a risk and does it in the most uninspired way possible. Man’s should take a long break after this one
Amazing songs on a different vibe by an amazing artist ! The goat is versatile.
Drake is the AJR of RnB and Hip Hop music.A culture vulture who is able to phone it in on every idea he attempts and still gets praised for it.
Not always hitting where it should but ultimately refreshing and a welcome change to his musical palette
On the album "Honestly, Nevermind", I respect Drake's continued willingness to experiment and try new genres and sounds. Many consider versatility and experimentation to be important in the progression of an artist, and you can see it on display in this project. As people have pointed out, this album is not a groundbreaking addition to the House genre, but people should not be looking at it through that lens. Drake is not a House artist, he is mainly a Hip-hop artist, and that is his bread and butter. People should appreciate Drake's willingness to step out of his comfort zone, and the fact that he's using his platform to advance this kind of music. I rate this album a 7/10 since I like the experimentation, although it may not be the best.
Not as bad as people make it out to be. People who claim this is bad house never listened to house. A criticism that is often thrown around is that it's repetitive; you could as well just write "I don't understand house" on your forehead. It's not just house of course, as it's mixed a lot with dancehall, something Drake has been attempting a lot lately, but never this succesfully. Drake is one of the few artists whose upbeat rap tracks are as enjoyable as his R&B ballads, and I was honestly waiting for a ballad-only album from him, and this comes close. He jazzily twirls around the mellow dance tracks talking about his unconventional practices in relationships: tongue-in-cheekly alluding to polygamy on the video clip of the opening track; breaking hearts with even more cruelty than his rap colleagues, because he does seem to care about these women. The second half of the album (after Massive) shows a sharp decline in quality, but it picks itself up from time to time - mostly on Liability, which sounds like a slowed reverb Drake track, almost psychedelic, and showing he still got it with the on-the-verge-of-cringe lines: "You put your words together like you getting points for that **** like you playing scrabble on me", immediately followed by the shattering: "Your mama's the sweetest lady, the apple fell far from the tree". All in all, the people who claim this is trash are farther from the truth than the people who praise this to the heavens, but once again the internet is divided about something that is "just okay" (which cannot exist on the internet of course).
Just like the last album it's mainly filler, but there are a few good tracks you will be listening to on repeat. If you don't understand how Drake works by now you probably never will. This is what he does: mediocre albums with radio banging singles.
A disappointing improvement from tge soulless "certified lover boy". This surprise release feels as rushed as its announcement but it also goes on to show the deake who made albums you could respect is gone. The intro is inw of the vest moments on a drake record in a long time but "dalling on me" deadpan repetition tests that goodwill. "Text go green " is almost something great as you're lured by the mesmerizing pulsating and skittering club beats but it's just the lyrical and vocal performance that consistently falls short though i will acknowledge this song has actually effort behind it. It's actually trying to be profound and introspective. "Currents" decides notvto continue what the previous track almist achieved and withdraws to predictable Drake-isms that ask for a vulnerability he would never reciprocate from a women hes showing temporary interest in. The production here still isnt awful but wasted on this era of drake. Overall this house influenced Dawn Fm offshoot is a step up from the overwhelming decadence of his previous lp post "Scorpion " where record's would be 20+ songs long with no variety here it's short but with more experiments(technically) . If this grew over time I'd understand.
This album is sooo cringe. If this were created by anyone else, it would be ripped apart. Proof that Drake can take a crap in a trash bag and it will sell like a hotcake during a food shortage. Hilariously praised that it's goat material by the sheeple. Ladies and gentlemen, he is trolling us. This joke is on us.
Neither meat nor fish. Perhaps the pandemic has led artists to experiment too much...daring is fine, but Drake is to house like David Guetta is to country music
What a bad album. Rushed and uninspired. Sounds cheap. Beyoncé about to show him how REAL house music is made.
So happy Drake finally switched up his formula from the repetitive template of Views. Love when an artist explores new sounds. Execution could have been better, but there are some solid tracks and this is no where near as bad as internet memes would lead you to believe imo.I believe a lot of the pushback is a result of a perceived macho masculine artist making music typically associated with the queer community (house) and singing his heart out (though vocals could be better).
Okay, I'm a little dizzy. Drake is hard to describe at this point; some say it is redundant. Others go further and manage to praise his creativity. I think there are several moments that are repeated, but the situation has changed when listening to the rapper making house music. Do you know how common it is to see this these days? Now, don't say that you only think of Kaytranada when you listen to this record, because there are more than on black artist doing this genre. In short, this album is curiously unique, and I mean that in a good way.fav tracks: "A Keeper", "Flight's Booked", "Calling My Name", "Sticky" & "Falling Back"KEY-TRACK: "Massive"
it wasnt good it only had two good songs the vibe was not good and hes able to do way better
Probably drake’s most mid album, the minamal dance beats are interesting at first but get boring as the album progresses. Not awful, but nothing special.
This is just a terrible album start to finish. I don’t revisit a single track from this song. Not even Jimmy Cooks because it’s just a lazily done version of Knife Talk. **** this album.
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
this album is just another hit to drakes legacy and career it is a messy cheap sounding dusty album the album sounds so outdated and the sampling either drags the tracks down or actually is the only good part of the song the album has 2 good tracks and 1 which has replayability which is jimmy cooks and mostly for 21 Savage
You would think after how atrocious Certified Lover Boy was, Drake could only go higher. Unfortunately, it's not the case here with his 7th studio album, Honestly, Nevermind, a title rightfully chosen.It's how uninspired and ridiculously blend the record is that makes it especially bad: it's trying to serve Dawn FM but doesn't reach an ounce of its artistry, it sadly ends up serving Donda 2's unfinished and unpolished aftertaste and it's finally caring way less soul and effort than bigger (and better) album-sister, More Life. On his new worst song in his career, "Currents", Drake showcase possibly the most horrible production from any hip-hop/dancehall record in recent years, would even go as far as the entirety of music's history. Is it his famous collaborator Noah "40"'s fault? Maybe... or it's Drake new fall from grace. The rest of the album? Absolutely embarrassing.Us to Drake: Honestly, Nevermind!
rating it this low to help win arguements on twitter. not a good album either way tho
Listening to this album was a complete surprise. It sounded nothing like what I expected, the typical rap album from Drake. It's great to see artists experiment, and in this case, not make another rap album in which most of the songs sound the same, now what we have is a dance album in which most of the songs sound the same. I am going to be honest, I enjoyed listening to this album, I may have even danced a little bit, but that doesn't change the fact that this album feels repetitive and basic, and not even the collaboration with 21 savage could save this album. Drake should've spent more time with this record, to try and make it a little more... listenable.
I am a massive Drake fan so when i heard he was dropping a new album i really hoped it was better than his previous Album "Certified Lover Boy" which came out last year and imo it was a lot better than CLB but Overall i did not really enjoy the more dance, R&B style Drake was trying to go for on here and if im being honest there were only 4 songs i really enjoyed and keep replaying a lot those 4 are: Jimmy Cooks which featured the feature killer himself, the man who has never spit a Featured verse i never hated in the past 2 Years, that man being 21 Savage who btw im hoping does drop his 3rd Solo Album this year cause i really loved his last Album but Anyway Jimmy Cooks was a amazing closer to the album i really wished we got more trackd like that and Sticky which was another one of the best tracks on the album it was also released as a single later on and i appreciate that. Down Hill was another track that i really loved on here and serious if Drake had dropped a 3 Track EP with "Down Hill", "Jimmy Cooks" and "Sticky" it was most likely would have sold a lot better than this Album i guaranteed that. So Anyway Overall this Album was a Massive L in Drake's Discography and also the 3rd Straight Album in a row that Drake has dropped and it has been absolutel **** so yeah Overall Strong 3 out of 10. I hated a majority of the tracks except for "Down Hill", "Calling My Name", "Jimmy Cooks"(featuring. 21 Savage) and "Sticky".
I couldn't find a single song I liked and I love RNB and trying out new music from my favorite artist.
I'm almost in disbelief at how bad this album is. His attempt on making House music might actually be the worst in history... and it also seems like some of the songs just weren't mastered properly. Overdrive is the only decent song on this, and Jimmy Crooks is ok i guess.
It seems that Drake is trying to go easy these days. Honestly, Nevermind is likely to remain as another disappointing album after CLB. The beat that combines R&B and house deserves to be appreciated, but with its loose and unfinished sound overall seems to make this even more underestimated. I loved the track Jimmy Crooks (feat. 21 Savage) and A Keeper.
Essa monete é muito superestimada, manas. Ninguém aguenta mais além dos robôs que vivem flodando stream.
Drake’s newest album combines rich, modern instrumentals with some of the greatest vocal performances of his career.
A very, very, very, very, very "ok" album, isn't bad, but it isn't good. At least there's a nice vibe, but nothing special at all.
Flight's booked sounds outstanding for the first round, very simialr to last couples of albums
Drake going on deep house territory, but can he still rap ? For a surprise album, that was a huge surprise. Great album for clubbing, but that's pretty much it. I would've expected more from him, in a year where Pusha T and Kendrick dropped.
I had much hope that the Drizzy we all loved and came to appreciate had returned with the intro tracks, Intro followed into Falling Back. With the polarizing production and groove that you wouldn't expect out of drake. At first listen you say after the first couple tracks, "this production is great, I wonder what else he has in store for us?" He didn't have anything else in store. The whole album is another heartbreak or lust filled song that has been so dried out from previous albums/songs of the same topic. It's just Drake's creative way of making the SAME **** I appreciate the experimental aspect of the album. However grooving 808s, drums, and samples just slightly tweaked on every club bass sample isn't creative. With dry and over tuned vocals from Mr. Lover Boy himself make for a boring listen. I actually skipped through most songs in the later portion of the album due to them not being different. At first you wanna dance, then you get bored, and then you get excruciatingly bored. You could tell someone to listen to one song on this album and it would be a preview of 90% of the album.Although tracks like Jimmy Cooks and Sticky change the tempo in a positive manner it goes right back to the same boring Drizzy.An honest disappointment of an album. Sounding just as rushed as the release, it's going to fall short in Drake's album discography.
A surprise album from Drake I’m sure was a delight for many, but dread immediately set in for me knowing darn well that if this album was anything like “Certified Lover Boy” we were doomed to a summer of Drake Stan’s claiming that this album was “as good as Mr. Morale” or some nonsense like that. You’ll certainly be hearing this album all summer, but rest assured, my fears were quickly realized. While I won’t say this album is as bad as “CLB” it’s not good in any right. The house sound is cool on some tracks (Sticky, Massive), but overall the sound seems as confused as Drake has seemed to be these past few years. Almost every song on the album is at least a minute or more too long as Drake “oohhs and ahhhs” or repeats the same line for the majority of tracks. I admire Drake for trying something new with this house direction and if nothing else he’s produced some easy to listen to music about his general subject matter, but got someone who is allegedly one of the greats, that’s simply not enough. “Jimmy Cooks” to the surprise of no one is far and away the best track on this project and it’s truthfully not even close. 21 and Drake have great chemistry on the track and I would’ve rather us got 14 tracks like this then the confused house mess we ended up with. Unless something drastically changes it seems nothing will ever change in Drake’s subject matter and therefore his ceiling can only be so high for me. The repetition of this album was unbelievable and I didn’t think Drake could achieve a higher level of repeatability, I was wrong. Don’t get it twisted, however, these tracks will still be played all summer simply because it’s Drake. Overall, I give this project a very generous 50/100. Between the effort to try something new and the standout track “Jimmy Cooks” I felt the album was still a much better try at producing music than “CLB”.Best Track: “Jimmy Cooks”Worst Track: “Texts Go Green” “Liability”Overall Score: 50/100
drake is just tired. let him go home and sleep. "be" for five minutes. joe and the juice album. get outa of here certified boy lovers. this **** sucks Stalin's ass.
Man this was horrible. Drake clearly doesnt try anymore, this album is lazy and a rip off of the entire house genre. 2015 was the last time he dropped a good project and then he discovered that he needs no effort to gain commercial success, so he acts like he still trying to experiment styles but really he just puts what ever he knows his corny fanbase will enjoy and it sucks every time
Drake made this album with Garageband. This all sound unpolished with poor lyrics.
I really liked the vibe of the album. he fix the mistakes that he did in clb to give us this great album i think this is the best album in 2022
Honestly mid, never in my life have I ever heard something such mid, if I were drake I would honestly retire, the music makes me want to end it all
Honestamente que album sem carisma nenhum, foi feito sem paixão alguma, Drake novamente quer tentar fazer hits gostosos como "One Dance" e "Passionfruit", porém falha miseravelmente.
When I see some publications give this 7/10 and above, I know they couldn't have listened to the album. I don't care what genre this album is pretending to be, this somehow finds a way to be even lazier and less thought out than CLB. The production is terrible and nothing on this is inspiring.
Imagina você um rapper consagrado lançar um disco de Dance, a versatilidade desse artista não existe nessa indústria a anos, um belo trabalho feito com carinho para os fãs, e não se acomodando nessa onda trap da mesma batida
Just a bad, bad, lazy album. I really cannot say how poorly executed the idea of a house album this presents.
**** savage carries **** drake he's washed Youngboy Better Lain Better **** Canada
I could not get through this album without my ears wanting to throw up. I haven’t felt that with an album for a while. Easily forgettable
Honestly, nevermind listening to most of these songs ever again. Only few saviors of this album are Currents and Jimmy Cooks (because 21 carried). 21 sounded great on that track and made it enjoyable towards the ladder half. Most of the tracks don’t have much to offer. Repeated words with horribly mixed auto tune, flows with no direction, really high pitches that just don’t fit Drakes vocal range. I thought the time he stole Look At Me from x would be his worst moment, or the Pusha T beef, this might top it. By far his most boring project.
Drake outdoes himself yet again by releasing an even worse album than his last. This is quite literally the worst album released in 2022 so far.
I MEAN, IT'S WAY BETTER THAN CLB AND SCORPION.There are a few down points like the opening track and the last songs on the record, but overall it's a pretty solid new sound for Drake and I'm here for it. IT'S SO MUCH BETTER THAN CLB
o álbum trás melodias relaxantes e perfeitas, sem dúvidas um projeto muito bom! Drake representou perfeitamente o dance apesar de ser um artista de hip hop além de trazer bastante criatividade para as músicas, com transições bem colocadas e perfeitamente encaixadas. Só achei q a última música c o feat do 21 savage não deveria fazer parte do album por se diferenciar claramente do tema e estilo geral do EP, entretanto é uma ótima faixa!
I'll have to hear the album again before I have a clear feeling of if i like this or not. Most songs I heard featured Drake's singing, so that might have pushed this to a 6 instead of a standard 7. However, i like how most songs aren't explicit in any shape or form, which is certainly a departure for this Canadian rapper. I love the beats; this is my kind of music i like from male singers.
Drake returns with a surprise record in terms of release, But pretty unsurprising in terms of substance. Filled with lifeless and drab rythymic loops, and Dance Pop rythyms, that often repeat themselves to eternity, The production, despite being a switchup (I guess you could call that) is just incredibly unremarkable and boring. Lacking any kind of flavour or taste in the execution of the already generic ideas, The production only makes the fascinatingly lazy songwriting and performances stand out even more. When I saw that this was a new ground for him, I was happy thinking that he atleast gets that he needs a sonic switchup to make something substantial. Little did I know that he will use this as an excuse to be more lazy in his works.
The only good thing about this album is the final track Jimmy Cooks and that’s because its in a completely different style to the rest of the album!
This album just feels like another Certified Lover Boy, except in Dance form. Jimmy Cooks is definitely my favorite song, and basically the only song I play from this album. Every other song is ok
What in the elevator music, tryna recreate passionfruit, typa album is this.
I love this Anthology album!!! What a great summary to BTS music career. They are so versatile with their genres and you can see it here in Proof. Obsessed with the new song Run BTS! Everyone should give this album a listen.
BTS keep sharing their path through their youth into a new chapter while delivering songs that not only tell a history but opens a new door of what BTS can come next. RUN BTS sounds in the best way, raw, the flow is new to what they have done in the past, and it's refreshing and addictive
One of their best albums to date, right next to Map of the Soul 7. A look back at their discography with a mix of three new songs, all of spectacular and made with the love they have for their fans, ARMYs. The entire album will take you through their journey as musicians, a perfect anthology album.
I really like the work these musicians do. Now, we can say that they have presented us with a summary of the nine years they spent with their beautiful and meaningful works. A narrative that their passion for music will be with them in the future, even better than in the past, their title track is Yet To Come... A work that has not been hit by the industry-imposed effort and the music video can be difficult for non-fans to understand. In addition to the summaries of all these years, they added demo versions of their previous songs with the third CD in the album. It's really unbelievable because: I've heard there are plenty of versions even for their debut single, No More Dream. Being able to apply this to almost all of their songs, including their b-side tracks, shows how much they respect their work. While listening to the album from start to finish, the breadth of the music spectrum is unbelievable, while you're dancing you can feel sad when you move on to the next track.
The collection of songs that were picked are absolutely amazing and worthy of an Anthology. Yet to come, Run BTS and For Youth are wonderful new songs that I can’t stop listening to.
This album really does a great job of taking the listener on a journey through their music catalogue. I’m sincerely intrigued by just how many genres of music this album contains. I really felt like I got to know BTS as artists through listening to their lyrics - some great writing! Surprised - especially by Cypher PT.3: Killer! Of the new songs I am particularly in love with Run BTS. I found the lyrics in Intro: Persona to be at I level I haven’t seen often. I throuroughly enjoy the sound of Singularity and Jamais Vu. But the song that really left an imprint was Spring Day. The music sounded heartbreaking yet hopeful - the lyrics were very relatable (and to be honest, I think I really needed this). Can’t wait to see what else BTS has in store and where they go as artists. A definite recommendation from this Dane!
An amazing album that describes the colorful journey of The Prince of Global Pop, BTS. The album is a promise that a beautiful moment is yet to come as the next chapter of their career begins...
With their wide variety of discography, the album shows how the progress of the songs from school boy concept sound to mature ones became polished as time goes by! Congrats boys, a beautiful and emotional rollecoaster album
a nostalgic album for fans compiling some of the most important tracks on their career, demos and 5 new amazing songs, it was definitely an experience to listen from start to end! (currently obsessed with run bts)
Excellent album !! Their whole discographies full with hit songs !! That's why the anthology album were birth !! Their anthology album calling back their successful journey as musician, an artist from old eras debut until their recent era with we can witness the blood , sweat and tears they poured to every album they released.. There's bittersweet moments in whole journey of their career and I'm proud saying that I'm their forever ARMY until my last breath.. Their music filled with various genres, all music fans can explore their discographies without any disappointment I can assure that !! Give them a chance/try to their music, then you'll never regret it ! Everytime they release something, I'm always in awe because how never change themselves, being such a passionate musician as expected.. Thank you again BTS for giving us such great musics, I pray happiness and success always by you guys sides.
This album has something for everyone. For the unconverted, it showcases 9 years of incredible music and range. For dedicated fans, it is a testament of the road we’ve walked together, of the memories made along the way, of the growth, the hardships, the love and the laughter. This album is 9 years of history, it’s how a legend came to be, how the 7 boys built the throne they now sit on with their own blood sweat and tears, and the unwavering support of their fans, and it’s an invitation to follow them, to walk beside them, on the road they’ll continue to pave in the next chapter.
BTS's artistry keeps expanding and getting better with each passing year. Their lyrics are really incredible. As an anthology album that holds part of their journey it made me feel honored to be a fan of theirs. I can't wait for what's next in their musical journey. They're such talented artists, all 7 of them.
The album shows BTS’ journey since the beginning. You can clearly hear with every single song their growth up until now. It’s a beautiful piece of art.
I have enjoyed listening to this Album. The lead single Yet to Come takes you through the years of BTS. For me who just started listening to Kpop in 2019, I have been impressed by their growth. BTS music is inspiring snd speaks to issues that I hold dear.
This album is a gift from BTS to ARMY and provides a deep dive into their 9 year long career containing various hits from the past. The lead single Yet to Come, is an ode to the past and gives assurance that their best is yet to come. This album is perfect from top to bottom and proves that indeed BTS are best at what they do. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
This album really shows how BTS has grown as an artist over the years and how versatile their discography is. WELL DONE BANGTAN!
Wonderfully crafted journey into their musical and artistic history. Only ARMY will understand the nuances and throwback to their rookie days. I encourage NEW ARMY to join us for this musical adventure. Read the lyrics and you will understand how these hard 7 young men work to get here.
It encapsulates BTS's flawless discography and it doesn't even include some of their best songs. That's how good it is. The new releases were pretty good too. Yet to come was the perfect title track and the lyrics were beyond beautiful. RUN BTS was everything and For youth was very sentimental. BTS has done it again. It's a good starting point for new fans looking to dive into their music too. Chapter 1 was amazing and cannot wait for chapter 2 of BTS. CD3 was so special and such a treat for the fans. 10/10 across the boards. BTS shows their growth, journey, hardships and overall life messages through this anthology from 7 boys from a small company to the biggest group in the world making history for POCs. I would recommend it.
This is what music is all about, thanking the people who were with you for the support needed to uplift the career you very much deserve. A great dedication to the loyal fanbase of ARMYS, the constant need to keep giving them the love they deserve and keeping them noticed, unlike some Groups who make generic American sounds to stay safe and keep their group of fans thirsting for music that would just be another song out of nothingness with no appreciation and culture appropriation, well done Bangtan
This is a special album for both BTS and their fans. It includes their hits throughout their 9 year journey.
Nine years of debut, nine years overcoming hate, nine years overcoming prejudice, nine years showing that they are still the same simple boys as when they started. Showing their humility above all, this anthology is pure art. It has all kinds of musical genres, Now I understand what they say about BTS IS THE GENRE. He congratulated the entire production behind this anthology and the members of BTS. Bravo!!
As a new fan it was a great opportunity to get to know the incredible range of BTS's musical journey
I've been a Blink for 6 years. And I can confidently say that for the first time, I'm thinking of unstan Bp and becoming a BTS fan. There isn't a single skip in the album. After Blackpink's repetitive songs, this album has been great for me.
Such an amazing anthology reflecting on the past 9 years of their career. This album covers every corner of their music and really showcases the diversity and artistic talents that these men possess. What sets BTS apart from the crowd is the deeply creative concepts their songs contain. Some examples being “DNA” and “Blood Sweat and Tears”. People who are recently being introduced to this group will also find some incredible displays of rapping talent. “Cypher 3: Killer” showcases incredible arrangement and production value. The album contains 3 sides - covering all of their singles, tracks chosen by the members and also unreleased demos. Other areas of the album shine a light on the members unique vocal talents - member Jimin’s ethereal tone is the standout, especially on “Filter”. Not many boy bands have an artistic catalogue like this. The album is bittersweet in a way because it’s closing a chapter, but it’s on to the next. They have so much more to give. The best truly is “Yet To Come”.
This album was perfect in all forms and I loved how much passion they have as musicians and how they continue to prove it with beautiful, heartwarming and banger music. And to people (blinks) trying to mess with the rating out of spite ur favs will face the karma for all ur doings. So fck y'all.
If you're a new ARMY or just a casual listener, this album is the walkthrough of BTS's past 10 years of musical carrer and their passion for music. Proof embodies the memory lane of the journey BTS had, from being the underdogs, to world's largest and most talked about boyband! The albums consists of 35 new tracks available on streaming platform including 4 new tracks and also have a whole CD of unreleased demos and 2 new tracks, which are CD only! I suggest you all to listen to the songs, with captions and feel the lyrics and the emotion these 7 boys poured into all of their tracks. If you'te genuinely trying to explore BTS without any prejudice, you'll love them I swear ♡
this album really tells the story of their journey..starting off with 'born singer' talking about their passion of music and ending it with 'for youth' , a song for their fans who have stood by them all these years supporting them'yet to come' was an absolute delight , a promise of their next chapter and I can't wait for it while 'run bts' got everyone hyped and dancing the album is full of their hits that make bts , bts ! this anthology is really anthologying like I'm in awe..
Masterpiece. Love this so much. It reflects BTS' music journey, their style etc. Their music is so special. Their is saying "Dance to Express not to Impress" and I think it is true for every art. These boys have done exactly the same they make their music to EXPRESS their stories, their thoughts. I am so proud of them that they love their music and knows its power. Keep it up!!
this album is amazing and bts made it for their fans because their 9th anniversary is here. To all kpoppies and western stans who are trolling here, please pay attention to your flop faves instead.
This album is great. Showing their work from their debut 9 years ago till the album release, it really takes you through a journey of their progression as artists and as a group. Album of the year
A well thoughtful and beautiful album. Not one single skip. One of the best album released this year
Absolutely best anthology album. This album holds so much emotions and the songs are too much good.
PROOF is a wonderful album by BTS which takes you through their journey of the past 9 years as musicians and how they grew to become the biggest band in the world with their hardwork and talent from a mere bankrupt agency.The 3 CDs are gorgeous. BTS albums are top notch.It contains all of BTS's hits till date which closes their 1st chapter.A new ERA of BTS begins!Love to the boys
It’s a no skip album and one of the best anthology album ever, it shows BTS growth throughout the years and so much creativity & talents, their chemistry and dynamics shine. I’ll highly recommend this album to all.
Am not an ARMY, own no merch/posters, and have seen zero concerts/music shows. Have only heard them on the radio coz they seem huge with PTD & Butter playing for like forever so decided to check out the new album to see the hype. For the casual & curious listener like me, this album gives a quick guide on what made BTS since its inception. Their discography is varied from rap/hip-hop to ballads to pops... but their use of music & honest lyrics to relate & connect to their fans/listeners is consistent. Their 3 new songs are reflective of that: 2 ballads & 1 hip-hop. In the title track Yet To Come they don't shy from reflecting on the stratosphere that they've found themselves in now & promise that they have more to offer. Run BTS is a catchy & upbeat tune - def will be a hit & at gyms soon, and the last track For Youth is a love letter of promise & thanks to their fans.It was smart to have an anthology album as it allows new listeners to have a better understanding (& listen) of what/where BTS is/was. Plus it makes it impossible not to dig further into their other old albums & find other songs worthy but didn't make the cut in this latest release e.g. Mama, Microkosmos, and Paldagongsan...At the end of the day, I don't think I qualify as ARMY but I do have better respect for what is BTS, plus more good tunes on my playlist.
I used to be a multi stan then I became a blackpink fun and because of my fandom being so negative towards BTS I never listened to their new songs. But as we know blackpink are busy being models and have no music related content, I decided to give it a go and oh my god. Why did I do that to myself?? BTS has the best discography in the world like I listened to proof and bops after bops. My favourite is no more dream and run bts and ptd and disease. I'm becoming a fan and it's so good. Their music is good + their lyrics are so good. They are genius. Oh my I just feel really dissapointed that I restricted myself from their music. They really are the best and kings of the world.
They way BTS NEVER misses honestly this album was so refreshing, it gave us new music at the same time as letting us appreciate older songs. They slayed, and not to mention the references and meanings hidden omg
A literal masterpiece. Whoever brought this album has own in life. I will never regret buying this masterpiece. Every single song of this album will make you feel things you have never felt before. Don't listen to anyone who tells you otherwise. Buy the album if you can to support our beloved boys.
This volume’s show of vulnerability may be the most meaningful gift BTS could give to their fans. And Proof shows that whatever direction they take going forward, a wide-open future is stretching out ahead of them.
I love it!!!!! One of my favourite album.best is yet to come!!!!Run bulletproof!!!!!
There is something about BTS putting out an anthology album to celebrate their musical journey that's unparalleled. Legend behavior
Proof is the first anthology album released by BTS. The new album contains 48 songs in total including their past hits. BTS' 'Proof' is a three CD album with three new songs - 'Run BTS', 'Yet To come' and 'For Youth', each in different genres conveying their own messages. and demo versions of some of their best hits from the past. It's the best album.
I've been a fan since 2017 and this album is very special to me. Those old songs just brought back so many memories and It's an perfect opportunity for the new fans to get to know the old discography of BTS. The title track Yet to come is so soothing and the mv is full of symbolisms. RUN BTS is a banger and everyone needs to listen to this song. For youth is more of the emotional type and strats with the fans songing. Overall a masterpiece .
It is soooo good!!!OMGHwjlskdbxkdbsjlamsvskdnriensbsmsWill definately recommend!
honestly the idea of an anthology album at this stage of their career to close out chapter 1 is pure genius. listening to the album from start to finish really gives you chills and u can see their growth as artists.
This is an anthology album. An album with all their hit songs, an album which explains their teens and twenty's now that they are in their 30s they can finally left their past self and look forward to their new chapter and future self with their title track YET TO COME Im in love with that song they did an amazing job with that song yet i can't help but to attract more to their new bside run bts which is for their haters the upbeat of the song kept me hooked to the end I loved this album so much and looking forward for their next album I love them so much borahae
Very emotional and meaningful album that wraps up their past 9 years together. Beautiful representation of relationship among members and with their fans. Great job!
Blinks don't embarrass pink this way. You all are weirdo ..just be happy for others
BTS is always proving how amazing and diverse their discography is. The new songs are beautiful, each in their special way. And remembering all the gold songs from the older album is an experience. Thankful for this album! Love you BTS.
Absolutely gorgeous anthology album! Concludes the Youth chapter of their career. Can't wait for the next one!
Proof is amazing. For new fans like me, it is an exploration of BTS' old masterpieces as well a celebration of their most recent hits. It feels like a gift, a blessing, a thank-you to its dedicated fandom. For those who will listen without any prejudice in their hearts, Proof will blow you away.
BTS lyricism is definitely the best. I admire the effort they put in elaborating such beautiful words. Proof is full with beautiful, comforting emotions. The music is top tier. Seriously their voices are no joke: high notes, jaw dropping rap, literally everything. They're super talented. So happy and proud with this album.
This album is just amazing, It's title track yet to come is so sophisticated.
A really good album! My favorite song was RUN BTS, I love songs with a hip-hop demeanor. I also really liked Yet To Come and For Youth too. Their demos and remixes are amazing, remastered Born Singer was very great too.Overall good album, great photos, my boys have changed so much. ☺️
I loved all of it. BTS has grown so much for the past 9 years, and their music is always so authentic to the people they are. I’m so proud of them and I’ll be here supporting them until the end
The album is so good! Three new tracks which are like a breath of fresh air. My favou6is Run BTS, a very energetic track!
As someone who has been here since 2014, I could have never been more proud of them. They went from selling 32 copies in one day to 2 million copies . The song Yet to Come implies that they truly are far from being done with music and they don't care about what other people say about their artistry is so brave of them considering how awful people are to them. For Youth is my favorite simply because they speak on their love for armys which is not common amongst most artists. People will always say they don't truly love army but BTS have proven them wrong multiple time and Armys will always be there for BTS now and forever. Run BTS is anthem and I feel it will be really popular for years to come.
Such a beautiful album! I loved it since the start and i cant stop listening to all the songs. I'm completely in love with BTS discography
Proof is anthology album with 35+ tracks. The whole album is a must listen. Cause it made me fall in love with so many older tracks all over again.
Amazing album that showcases BTS' organic growth and story as musicians, clearly is able to display why they were able to build up their loyal fanbase as they incorporated new and old songs
This tells you their story and somehow shows you how they've evolved not only music-wise but also personality-wise. Listening to this album, I cried, laughed, danced, and remembered all the beautiful moments we've experienced with Bangtan so far. There isn't a better way to conclude an iconic chapter.
Anthology album that consists of hits after hits. This album includes different genres that explains the artistry of BTS. Yet to come is my favorite. The lyrics is so good and it reflects BTS' past, present, and future. The new track For Youth is heartwearming as well especially to me as a fan who witnessed their growth as an artist. Run BTS is definitely an ass shaking track!
An anthology album has a distinct narrative. More than a greatest hits album, Proof tells the past and present and intended future of the biggest band in the world. The flow of songs is so excellent that it is difficult to not listen to this album from start to finish. The new songs (a J. Cole sample, a MAX co-written collab, a Dem Jointz production, and a song sampling their own fans in concert) also tell the story of a HipHop group that became a staple of world popular culture that never forgets where they came from and who got them where they are today.
I liked the album, the songs are beautiful and run bts is a bop and my favorite
This album affirms how BTS have always created quality music since debut! Congrats to them on 9 years of music and friendship
This is probably the perfect release for the curious people who always wanted to check on bts music and were either hesitant or didn't know where to start, i didn't know they had such an extensive discography so that was surprising. The album starts with "born singer" which is a remake of the great JCole's "born sinner", and let me tell you how taken back i was at how emotionally raw it was, even before reading the lyrics (and they were all in their teen years when they wrote it, mind blowing). I'm still slowly discovering the rest of the tracks and deeply diving into them, which will no doubt take some time, but i am enjoying the ride .. i definitely implore everyone to give it a listen.
The best album ever made. CD 1 is nostalgic for recreating the history of BTS. CD 2 shows the BTS members' vision. CD 3 shows their dedication and passion for music. A complete journey of BTS
The anthology album released by BTS is a journey for new fans and old fans. For the old fans, it's nostalgic as it reminds them of the time they discovered BTS and went down the rabbit hole. For the newer fans it's a way to experience the excitement that is a BTS comeback. The lead single "Yet To Come (the most beautiful moment) talk about the 9 years of journey BTS and their fans have made together, with lyrics like "you and I, the best moment is yet to come." And "The past was honestly the best, but my best is what comes next" they send the message that while the career their career till now was the best, they believe that their best is yet to come. 2 new singles Run BTS and For youth, are also available on streaming platforms. The 3CD album has tracks that they've released in the past 9 years of their career.
10/10 i love it. shows all their Hits they put out since 2013 + 4 new songs! Yet to Come is a Masterpiece just like BTS Run and For Youth. Perfect Album.
Listening to the track repetitively and there's still so much to unravel. It's why BTS are not the kind of artist that makes music that needs repetitive listening to finally find it appealing, there's too much control from their involvement therefore it's this impeccable. Listening to the track repetitively and there's still so much to unravel. It's why BTS are not the kind of artist that makes music that needs repetitive listening to finally find it appealing, there's too much control from their involvement therefore it's this impeccable.
This album paying homage to BTS' 9 year career in a very brilliant way. The new tracks truly highlight the group's growth musically.
Every song on this album is so meaningful and precious. These boys put a lot of effort and made sure it turns out to be the greatest album of all times.
Proof is truly a masterpiece. This album shows how beautiful their 9 years of journey is and how they are so consistent in terms of music. It conveys that, from their debut to till now they made bangers only. Everyone should give it a try!!
you get to listen to various genres here locals give it a go!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
This album is just perfection. Really shows the amount of genres BTS has worked through. Album full of top tier hits. Loved it!
The best album for 2022 so far! They have grown so much since the time they debuted and this is why they are the biggest group on planet Earth!
It is a beautiful album which wraps up their 9 years of work.It shows us why BTS is at the top.The proof of their hardwork and the love for their army.Rollercoaster of emotions is experienced while listening to this album.Thank you BTS
This album represents BTS whole discography. There is not a single genre that defines BTS. I am genuinely impressed. It's a beautifully crafted art.
I like everything about this album, the idea was genius like the new songs and love to listen thier old songs which are used to make too much noise in their whole career bts you nice keep going
The album reflects on their past , shows how far they have come , the title track is a masterpiece , oh well the whole album is a masterpiece , great work!
Excellent album that reflect their story, Run BTS is my favorite song , love it
This album is so special for me.I have been always proud of Bts,now i'm even more prouder.I'm so excited for the performances
A perfect anthology album that shows their growth and their history and the foundation of their music. They're going into their 10th year and the 2nd chapter of their career strong with this milestone of an album. Wish the best for BTS, as best moment is yet to come.
An incredible album by BTS— with 5 new songs and some of their best hits, it’s absolute
The album is the BEST out of the world & universe. All BTS music fits & suits me best. Thank you BTS for making greatest music ever. Cant wait for another album in the future.
This album really showcases their entire journey of since 2013 up till 2022 from being laughed at to raising to the top this album shows their path .this album is the proof of their hardwork and dedication of those 7 angels
This is such a beautiful album. It displays the road that BTS has traveled. The 3 new songs so so beautiful! It's worth it
Started crying at Born Singer, kept crying for Yet To Come, shook some a*s playing Run BTS, bawled my eyes out when For Youth came on. 10/10 still crying still listening to Proof 24/7.
Proof é um álbum antologia que mostra todas as faces do BTS, contando sua trajetória até aqui, onde eles encerram uma etapa de sua carreira, iniciando uma nova, ansiando pelos momentos que estão pode vir, como diz na própria Yet To Come: "o melhor ainda está por vir".
Sou army desde 2015 e posso dizer com tranquilidade que proof é um abraço quentinho com quem ama, respeita e compreende toda a história e arte dos meninos.Obrigada BTS.
Proof is amazing. A perfect way to see the growth and change of BTS through the years.
This album takes you on a journey from BTS's debut till their superstardom. The first CD starts with Born Singer- the first ARMY anthem and ends with the new title track Yet to Come- the song that assures that the best is yet to come for BTS. Among the new tracks Run BTS is probably my favourite. It reminds me of the early BTS sound but more polished. Youth- with samples from their track Young Forever is a promise to their fans to be with them forever. It is very important to listen to the album in the order of the tracks to enjoy the experience to the fullest. Without a doubt, this album will give you a glimpse of what BTS's sound is and what their message is, which warrants such strong loyalty.
Um álbum de antologia um feito que poucos artistas conseguem fazer, o bts mostra toda sua história e as novas músicas são perfeitas igualmente, quem é army vai entender cada palavra. Enfim, obrigada BTS mais uma vez por nos agraciar com seu trabalho incrível.
Run bulletproof, run, yeah, you gotta run (Run, run)Run bulletproof, run, yeah, you gotta run (Run, run)Run bulletproof, run, yeah, you gotta run (Run, run)Run bulletproof, run
this album represents a whole trajectory and their songs are very touching, they really know what they do
An amazing album, revisiting old songs from BTS' beginning as well as making a journey through their growth, leading to the new track "Yet to Come", which indicates that BTS feel as if they have not reached their peak yet, saying "My best is yet to come". There is also a re-recorded version of their old cover of J Cole's "Born Sinner", Born Singer. The song expresses their love for their art and work as well as the struggles they have faced. There are two other new Songs as well, Run BTS and For Youth, the latter being a love letter to their fans, who have supported them for the past 9 years .
It's BTS's best anthology album, they are the most complete artists in the entire industry!!
The imstrumental for Yet To Come was truely a different pace than I'm use to with BTS. The album was amazing as well, a trip down memory lane
If you love music, get this album. It's a masterpiece of BTS's work, each song so addictive you won't want to stop listening.
This album is everything we need.yeah it has oldsongs but old memories are gold..n to again experience them in a new manner is totally amazing
This is my first comeback with an album and I'm speechless. It's so good! I love it!
This is the best K-pop album of this year!! STREAM YET TO COME
This is the best album! "Yet to come" is so beautiful everyone should listen it.
As an Anthology Album this album is really great for recalling all their success and struggle...A great way to explore old songs as well!!
Proof is an anthology album with over 30 tracks. A perfect piece to reflect BTS' journey rising from the to the top.
So beautiful n meaningful it's feels good to hear all their old songs from different albums together lyrics are amazing
This is literally a masterpiece and the best album of kpop till now. No one will regret after buying this. Enjoy Yet to come. Stream Yet to come
It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing It's amazing
Really good album with just hits after hit. Run BTS is my fav. Yet to come is really special for anyone who knows abt BTS albums
This is the best album. Who are giving negative review, just *******. BTS is the best.
One of their best album. I really love this album .never regret buying and streaming it.
this album for army. this album is about BTS and ARMY journey. the only one who can feels the feeling... just armys.
best album released this year for sure!! run bts was my fav song and I’m already eagerly waiting for the next album
I love this album. Make me remember their past. The new song is so beautiful. Their old song is so damn nice. I love them
This album has a beautiful,meaningful and emotion behind each track.It is presenting what happened for bts in the past, how they survived their hard situations and how they are standing here not only this but also how they are going through future by turning the last page of chapter one to next chapter.
It's like 'Yet To Come' lyrics : "the best yet to come"Amazing lyrics, beautiful songs, best album. BTS, i respect you guys. Good job!
Can't get enough of yet to come /run and of course the cd only raw demos .. its a perfect gift for army
Stunningly beautiful and touching album perfectly showing us why BTS are where they are today
As an anthology album, Proof did a good job of reminding people of the past BTS and how BTS has evolved. It traces their journey from the first song being "Born Singer" to the end of CD 3 single - "For Youth" which even represents ARMYS as their best friend. For the latest K-pop stans, it might not be their cup of tea, but from the beginning, this album was called an "anthology". This marks the ending of chapter 1.
Love it, they always have amazing music.Mine favourite one was Run BTS. I like how this anthology album brought about showed all those amazing years of their hard work.It was very nice that they put those demo version, as we all know that very few artist make their own music.
best album, wide variety of genres as expected from bts, the geniuses of today's music industry
Absolutely amazing and talented, complete and welcoming body of work reminescent of the start of their journey
excellent album, shows a tour of their discography from their first songs, yet to come has a beautiful message and I love the energy of run bts, I'm going to listen to this album a lot. ♡
Proof perfectly captures not only BTS’ journey as a group but also their evolving artistry. The title track Yet To Come is a soft ballad referencing their past hit tracks as well as their love for music. The demos are an added present for their fanbase ARMY to enjoy.
Amazing Album it reflects through their journey...it was tribute to their 9 years of togetherness and love they received from the fans.
This anthology is the proof of BTS’ hard work over the last decade. Their genre agnosticism means that there is a song that everyone will love if they listen without prejudice.
The album is really good, filled with all their hits from previous eras and shows their growth musically and how versatile they are as artists. The new songs are phenomenal with amazing lyrics which will make you emotional and energetic at the same time.
This album perfectly embodies the definition of what an anthology album is. All the songs are great in their respective genres. It dives and reminds you the top tier discography BTS has. The new songs have their own stories to tell from the past, to the present, and as well as the future BTS. Proof is an example of a legendary anthology album an artist can have.
It's an amazing album, looking forward their next stepsYou should really check the album, Yet To Come Run bts and for youth are my favorites, and I hade a chance to discover the oldies
Love the album, it really shows how far they have come from debut and their growth throughout the years.
Proof is a summary of a great career - so far. No matter when you discovered them, this will bring out a lot of emotions.A journey through the title tracks on Disc 1 shows how they evolved and tried new things. So many different genres but in every song is the heart of those "7 boys from Korea".And the last track "Yet to Come" on Disc 1 promises even greater things in the next years. With all the references and beautiful lyrics it really is a promise I believe.Disc 2 with their favourite solo and unit songs. Really interesting to see what songs Bangtan values the most on their journey! And with their second new track "Run BTS" they are delivering right on the promise they gave us just a song before with "Yet to Come": "Good music? Got them, Good Team? Goddamn!"And a must for every Army is defintily CD 3 with unreleased songs and demos! Also the new fan song "For Youth" is a really perfect end to this first chapter of Bangtans journey. And like "Yet to Come" a really promising look in the future.Borahae BTS
What a wonderful album! A nostalgic and poignant celebration of the last 9 years, ready to close one chapter and enter a new one. Full of so much variety, it perfectly encapsulates why BTS are one of a kind and why they have achieved all that they have. Highly recommend for fans old and new!
The best album, so worth the wait, all the songs are so freaking good this album is worth all the money you won't regret buy it. BTS INDEED PAVED THE WAY
Beautiful artistry, amazing lyrics, and spectacular performance, this album is an amazing recreating of the groups journey throughout the years and a touching end of their first chapter while introducing a possible new direction
This is such a treasure. It shows both their growth and their versatility. It’s a well thought out introduction to their journey, at the same time it feels almost like a love letter to both their fans, their passion and each other. Beautiful album, by some of the most talented musicians of our generation.
All the tracks in this album just fit beautifully as their anthology album, showing their legendary growth.From debut to the global musical princes. This is just a wonderful bridge to the new chapter in their journey's book. They are here to stay. Higher and higher together with their fans.And indeed the best is yet to come.
Proof is an amazing album that tells BTS' story. If you are new to BTS, you're in luck, and enjoy the journey! The album is very personal to BTS and ARMYs. It's the best album ever.
This is a great album which can help new fans discover their old music and make us feel a lot of emotions as this album represents their story through all the years since their debut. Just listening to this album takes us through a ride of nostalgia
A fantastic album comprised of beautiful songs that take us through the journey that is BTS' nine year career. The new songs are of various genres and contain fantastic lyrics again showing the band's musical genius, craft and the diversity in their discography. Truly a must listen.
Proof is a love letter to fans and a beautiful summary of the incredibly diverse discography of BTS. It highlights their unique skills and styles.
An excellent compilation of the pop icons’ title tracks and b-sides, as well as a selection of new songs that reflect on the group’s past while looking forward to the future and thanking their fans for being with them. The demos on CD3 are an excellent gift for fans to show them a little behind the scenes process before finalising songs.
This album is perfect for new fans as well as seasoned ones. It guides you through all their title tracks and shows their growth throught the last 9 years. It covers various genres of music and is very nostalgic. CD1 is all title tracks and a new song called Yet to Come, as well as a remaster of Born Singer a 2013 song sampling Born Sinner by J. Cole. CD2 are songs picked by each member from their discography, here we see solo tracks and group songs from their b-sides as well as a new son called RunBTS which is a masterpiece! CD3 with their demos are giving a gift to army by showing them some 'behind the scenes ' of how the songs get created and how they change for final product. It ends with For Youth a song that is dedicated to army and it starts with the fanchant from Young Forever. It is a very emotional and personal album about growth! Beautifully done.
Really good album reflects BTS hard work throughout the years and all their bangers in one album
I'm really grateful they released anthology album which showcased their different musical styles. This album includes so many different genres including new songs which is completely different. This album also help new bts listeners to identify their old tracks and how they grew up in this industry. This album concludes all bts gem tracks and opening new chapter which they going to showcase even more fantastic concept and different genres in their own style. I'm looking forward to more frm this artists.Overall a great album
A very well documented collection of their songs over the years. This album features many hit songs like Butter, Dynamite, and Spring Day, but also contains new songs such as Run BTS and For Youth. Run BTS is very exciting and a fun a lively listen, whole For Youth is far more emotional. The different eras and tracks included in this album is a great way to showcase their growth as artists over the past nine years. As an end to a chapter, I am excited to see what comes next.
This album contains so much emotion of bangtan boy's and army. Contains beautiful song's. Everyone should try to listen once if they want themselves to introduce to South Korean band BTS
They have closed the hyyh chapter in such a beautiful way. The song yet to come conveys that they are going to start a new chapter. Run bts is a song potraying how hard all of the members have worked to reach here they are right now, and there is no doubt about it as they were the 1st people to give a speech for Asian hate in the White house. They have a lot of power the lyrics and they really showcased how far they have come by working hard and staying consistent.
The sheer amount of poetry and lyrical genius in the album as a whole is incredible! Each song is carefully thought out, the composition is beautiful and the message is always front and center. How could anyone disparage a group that advocates for self-love, mental health, women and children's safety and empowerment? Well done, Bangtan
Amazing album! This really captures 9 years of BTS' debut. There couldn't have been a better way to wrap 9 years than this album! The 3 new tracks are really so special, Yet To Come is a ballad and the references in the MV is something which all fans were really emotional about. About RUN BTS, what can I say, it's probably my favorite track out of the 3. I understand that former fans want them to release music like they did back in 2013-2014 but I feel like BTS has grown a lot. Their specialty is creating music relevant to their current stage of life, it's like a personal memoir. Asking them to go back to their old music is not right,.. But RUN BTS gives you the energy of the back in the day BTS songs, for those who missed it. For Youth is the one which made me the most emotional, starting with it's intro where all ARMYs sang Young Forever and the fanchants... This album starts with Born Singer, with the lyrics "I'm a born singer" and ends with "I'll be with you for the rest of my life", really heart touching, The lyrics, melodies, everything was spectacular. I've pre ordered a couple Proofs albums, some for me and some to gift to friends and family. This is the best 9th debut anniversary gift we could ask for, thanks BTS!
An anthology album I never thought I needed! I absolutely love all the songs in the album especially the new tracks. It doesn’t matter if I heard most of the songs before though. I still listened to it from cover to cover. BTS has done it again!
This album is perfect for a veteran fan and also for a newer fan. It gives a important songs from their past while also giving a peak into their future. You can discover bts and fall in love through this album or you can rediscover your love and fall even deeper. The physical album and design is also well thought out and pays homage to the bts of past present and future.
bts never fail us. they're amazing and this album as well. our best moment is yet to come. cheers for mor many years to come
What a beautiful entry for any new army out there. A look back at all they have managed to achieve. A stellar discography that speaks for itself. I would like to finish my review by saying that Run BTS is one of the best songs to EVER BE CREATED AND I WILL DIE ON THAT HILL. goodbye.
This album was amazing and filled with nostalgia. This album was specifically meant for the BTS fanbase, Army. In this album they reminisced on Chapter 1 of their careers and if you have been apart of that ride you can’t help but have love for this piece of art.
Amazing lyricism in all 3 new songs, production is top class and vocal/rap-wise one of the richest albums they've ever released.
all songs are amazing. RUN BTS needs to get the mic drop treatment asap. i’m always proud of the boys
Amazing compilation of BTS' diverse discography and a great way of looking into the history and growth of the group if you are just now getting into them. The new songs plus the added demos on disk 3 are really something special. Personally, Run BTS is my favourite and would highly recommend giving this album a listen.
I'm hooked with Run BTS and Yet to come is my new jam. Absolutely loved the whole album.
A Perfect way to celebrate their 9th anniversary in the music industry. Rise like Bang! Tan! SONYEONDAN!
Proof is the best among the best album that Ive had from BTS, its because it contains all of their history for me being a baby Army this album means alot to me
the album is incredible, following their entire trajectory in the songs on this album brings a very good feeling
An amazing and touching album. The old sounds are so good and the new ones are spectacular.
With the members of BTS being top notch songwriters, rappers, composers, producers and vocalists, they bring this time not just an ordinary album, but a journey that summarisers the incredible musical journey that BTS have had over the past decade and reflects their endless versatility, passion and thirst for music. Every song tells story, every lyric has a meaning, every melody has a message. With this anthology album, BTS have cemented themselves as one of the GOATS in the music industry, not just in their home country but globally.
The album is really the anthology of BTS. They started young and more hip hop. They grew. I love to listen to the songs and notice the growth. I am more blues and R and B fan but with BTS I honestly will try anything. Spoiler: Run BTS is soooooooo addictive.
This just proves that BTS really is the best, after waiting since BE, I can totally confirm that it was worth. Proof literally was above my expectations. I really love all the new songs and the fact that Born Singer is on this album is a cherry on top of this rare, once in a life time, stunning cake. I hope they continue making great music which we can all relate to. Bangtan you did a great job. Bangtan thank for another amazing album, I know this will be your year. BTS fighting
This album is a wonderful testament to their journey as a band through the years: musically and personally. While Yet to come has a bit of Spring Day's feeling of nostalgia it's more upbeat and hopeful and leaves you with a pleasant feeling of eagerly awaiting the next phase of BTS. For You is a song for ARMY that starts of with ARMYs singing Young Forever at Wembley. And if that doesn't make you shed a tear, the lyrics definitely will. In it BTS recognise that them and their fans make this journey together. Run BTS is the crowning gem that tops up this trio of new songs. It fills you with energy and makes you feel there is nothing you can't achieve. It's fresh and yet so BTS. All in all, the album is a beautiful summary of their journey and worth every penny.
Nothing can explain how beautiful this album is. Everything about this album is perfect. As an army not from very debute day, this album gives me a flashback about their journey, their ups and downs. For you whom new to bts and everything about them, this album is a very good decision to buy and listen. You'll love it i swear
The album has very soothing title track and an amazing b-side. Proof is great summary of BTS' career so far. This anthology album is just so great, their love for their fans is shown through their album.
The best album ever, and that's on periodt. Nobody else could do it like bts could
ONE OF MY FAVORITE ALBUM FROM THEM SO FARthe track especially if you watch the mv it gives so much nostalgic memories, its true that us bts army cant let go of hyyh era lol. And also RUN BTS DESERVES SURPRISE MV IDC IDC IDC
Anthology album to be listened in order, really well curated considering the extended discography of BTS. You can listened and feel the growth as artists and the range they have regarding music genres.Each new music is the perfect combination for each CD theme
BTS bringing us from back to back, through their most popular tracks, that combined in one makes a musical universe history. Debut song, to their first daesang, their ema, vma and BBMAs. First Grammy nominated song. Not only has this opened a map of their journey, but they added a spice into it with 3 new tracks, with one being the title track l”Yet To Come” about their continuing journey of success. If you haven’t had goosebumps in a while, I can promise you this album will do it in a good chilling way. “Run BTS” is a new version of their “cypher” series, where they are the main character and dropping facts with every beat the song goes. “For Youth” is more of a dedication to their youth/ARMYs which has planted a seed in the earth and let it blossom to a beautiful flower that continues living on even after the journey has its exit. Thank you for BTS for showing love to your fans, to your local listeners, to the world that you can make it through hard work and effort.
The album is an excellent way to showcase their journey from the start. The first song being Born Singer already opens the album in the best way possible. The title track "Yet to Come" truly shows their love for their art and how they are just as in love with music as they were 9 years before. "Run BTS" will definitely make you fall in love with it. The lyrics, the vocals everything is perfect. "For Youth" a song for ARMYs and the last song on the album shows how much they love their fans. Ending the album with the lines that they will be with us for the rest of their life was honestly the best love confession one can make. The album was a 10/10 for me.
I've always loved their past songs & present songs, I think this is a brilliant album showing the growth of BTS through their 9-year musical career. The 3 new songs & born singer were a perfect pick added to this album. A really good way of ending chapter 1 in their career. Definitely looking forward to chapter 2!!
gorgeous album that really shows bts’ love for music and their art. the new songs bought everything to the table and was perfect for armys and all.
Amazing album. I love it so much. Everything is so perfect. Thank you so much BTS
I loved the album. The new songs are really good. The perfect ending for chapter 1.
Their discography is immaculate. I know i have heard most of the songs before yet every song feels fresh and powerful. Their lyrics, production, vocals, rapping is soo good. This is the best time for them release an anthology album.
Proof shows the evolution and journey of the south Korean band BTS beautifully across the years. The title track, "Yet to come", works as a manifesto: BTS is here to stay, and promise to come back in the future with the best of themselves. This album is essential for existing fans and newcomers alike.
Beautiful album! Favorite song had to be run BTS had me shook when I listened to it and Jungkook's vocals and Yoongi's rap gives me chills
A perfect closing to chapter 1 of their career. The album perfectly encapsulates their story from the start to their current success while showing their growth and the diverse range of songs they have released over the years. CD 2 brings a personal touch through the solo and unit songs. The three new songs also celebrates what BTS loves most; their music and fans. Run BTS is a perfect call back to their early sounds while still bringing a new and fresh sound. Both Yet to come and For Youth holds an emotional message to both the band and their fans. Truly a great album!
Only people who understand art will know how beautufull and touching this album is..it might be not so sexc or catchy but its so deep and great..i suggest yall to go and take a look pn their new anthology album proof.. its so worth it
i love this album so much,even tho i wasn’t there in the beginning of bts’s career i’m thankful for this album for showing me bts’s journey step by step,i loved every single thing about it,i’m so proud of them
The 3 new songs in the album are superb! It's a rollercoaster ride of emotions listening to them. You'll reminisce, dance and sob. Indeed, this album is dedicated to the fans.
I really like this album. It is an anthology album and the vibe it has perfect. Starting that album with Born Singer is perfect. Yet To Come is really good. Especially the lyrics. I really liked their promise to keep going. Let's walk together to forever BTS. Run BTS is such a bop. Everything about the dong is perfect. And For Youth is really special. Thank you for Proof BTS.
Well put together compilation album that includes some great unreleased tracks reminiscent of the Korean group’s earlier years in the industry. Includes new songs too which in my opinion are some of their most well produced tracks in a while. Favorite track: Run BTSLeast favorite track: Stay (Not a new track, from BE), I still enjoy this song but if I had to pick a least favorite it would be Stay.
I don’t know much about title track, yet to come. But the b side Run BTS is so good. Such a bob song also masterpiece. It be good if it was title. I wish MV for that.
A well thought album,full of bangtan memories.And a way for new armys to discover how amazing artists bts are
it's a great one, it consists of showing all the eras of the group and its evolution over the 9 years, few can be making an album more what didn't have difficulties in taking a risk.
A brilliant anthology... And if you pay attention to the lyrics and the melodies it's even better.
CD1 is a beautiful journey through hit after hit that BTS has churned out during career. CD2 shines with the different tastes of the members and mazes you with the variety of genres their discography has to ever. CD3 is a gift for the fans whom they've always share their process with. The album is a statement, a story, a monument and a love letter.
Very good album! loved the journey of listening to it, the album shows their growth and versatility, they have done a lot of genres and created a lot of good music, proud of them and their hard work.
By listening to the Proof Album from beginning to the end, we're treated to BTS' versatility in terms of genres. As an anthology, this album includes BTS' most impactful tracks in their careers and is a gift for loyal fans as much as their celebratory album, celebrating their music and the journey they have gone through together as a septet.
It's an excellent album! Their old songs are as excellent as their new ones.It's a must listen!
An incredible album showcasing their artistry in various genre from 9 amazing years. The storytelling is magnificent, all songs are indeed masterpieces.
absolutely adored the anthology and the new 3 songs. yet to come is a beautiful hip hop ballad, for youth is a very touching song and run bts (who btw stole the show) is one of bts' best songs can't wait to see more of the growth in the future
it's good, they show all of their era here which makes me cry like they've come too far and the run bts ?!?! the instrumental is SICK and the For youth the intro is armys fanchant on wembley young forever ಥ‿ಥ. this album sold 2M in less than 24 hours too the impact ?!? the spotify records/achievements???. BTS TRULY THE BIGGEST BAND IN THE WORLD!
The album is like a throwback to 9 years of hard work and masterpieces!! It's like a rollercoaster of emotions and each song is unique in its own way.
An awesome trip in BTS discography with three new fantastic songs and hidden treasures from the past.
Très bon album qui reflètent parfaitement leur parcours. Et les Nouveaux musique sont magnifiques mentions spécial à YET TO COME qui est ma préféré
It's really a great album. The 9-year career of the BTS group is traced. The greatest hits, which have marked their careers and have rotated in their careers, are present in chronological order. The song yet to Come ends this long chapter but also reveals that it is not over because the best is yet to come. a wonderful album that traces this long journey with the army
The greatest album I've ever heard. It talks about their journey beautiful. Their flawless discography is portrayed chronologically in such a witty manner. The new tracks are such masterpieces and I'm in love with yet to come and run BTS. Best album ever
This album is wonderfully incredible in every possible way, the way it shows the whole trajectory of the group and members in a unique way, is inexplicable! Masterpiece!!!
It's so good and it reflects the members hard work and their great writing abilities
I'm not an army, but it became interesting for me to listen to their music and the best hits, what a pity that I didn't become their fan earlier! A very cool album, of the new songs, I liked Run BTS the most, although Yet to come has its own charm.
I listen to this album every day, it's just amazing in all musical aspects. Perfect vocals, lyrics, melodies and instrumentals
Lost of words, I don't know how to express my feelings toward this. The best anthology album.✨
The album is so good, BTS members are so talented unlike our second fanbase faves
Well... its is a good album highlighting the journey of the group and their development throughout the years... I love how each track has its significance and msg.. for someone who wants to get to know BTS' music and explore.. this is a good start to listen to this anthology album..
Quality album that showcases the group’s musical history and the growth & variety in it. Must listen to for people not familiar with BTS. You will be able to see just how talented they are as a musical artist.
It is a very good album! And Run BTS is a banger really recommend it 10/10
We’re starving for BTS comeback and this new album proof is a masterpiece! Our boys never fail us to give amazing music.
this album is more than good, it is looking back about their past 9 yrs as a group. hope you listen to it :) I can't believe there are people who will make effort just for the sake of hating lol
It is their best album so far, as expected to this talented and self-producing group! Well-curated, full of hits and bops!!
Um álbum antológico que retrata a carreira brilhante do BTS e traz quatro músicas inéditas incríveis.
I have been ARMY since 2021 so, this was my first comeback of Bangtan.I was so curious & excited at the same time. I enjoyed all tracklist songs. BTS' anthology is unbeatable.All four new tracks are so heartedly of tracklist 1st. I'm so proud of Bangtan.
This is one of the best albums ever. BTS showed why they are the best. Pls stream it on all platforms.
best album ever like gotta be my favourite album of 2022. We all know bts are absolutely legends but they live upto their names with this album tbh run bts, yet to come, for youth, young love, quotation mark and every single old song too are masterpieces. I love it so much.
eu amei o álbum, é perfeito, esse álbum é muito importante pro bts e pro fandom, conta a história dos BTS e oq eles passaram durante esses noves anos.
This album literally gave me a life changing experience as I’m a fan of BTS for almost 3 years now but I always wanted to know what it was like to be a fan of them from the beginning and this mind blowing album gave me a chance to relive that experience which I didn’t get before thank u soo much BTS I owe u a lot.
this album is so good!! i really like it!! the lyrics, the vocals, the instrumental & all are amazing!! proof will always have a special place in my heart because it's the first album i witnessed as a army. so 100/10 for proof!!!
this album is history of BTS through out the years and telling their journey beautifully. and for youth is the best song to end an beautiful anthology album.
This album is so good bangtan never disappointed me and proof is now one of my favorite album
proof shows the diversity of BTS discography alongside with their passion for making music
An album that will make even non-fans understand why BTS is so special. Listening to the songs on this album sequentially from beginning to end is like traveling through time. Starting with the affirmation of their identity as musicians in "Born Singer", to the statement expressing BTS' feelings for their fans, ARMY, in "For Youth".BTS has been very well known for its meaningful song lyrics. But especially in this album, it will be really more obvious, especially in the title track "Yet to Come". BTS honestly expressed their hearts to the various praises and acknowledgments of the world for their talents, and what they really want.As the album's title suggests, the 35 digital songs (plus 13 other tracks that are only on physical albums), are "proof" that BTS's first love was music, and will continue to be like that forever.
Had a good time while listening, thank you so much. It was good experience! Loved the album! Best ❤️
THEY ALBUM IS SO PRETTY THE THREE NEW TRACKS
This album is super hit great songs after great songs highly recommend to listen this album
Such an amazing album that describes the colorful and hard journey they go through for the past 9 years as an artist and value all the hardships..Also I love how passionate they are about their music, the message they are spreading and how much they love their fans, hope the best for all of them!!
Perfectly potrayed the history & journey of BTS. What a perfect closure of an era. Yet to come just feel like sunvrays shining through windows on a sunny day. Run BTS just perfectly capture what BTS can creat with sounds. For youth just feels like a letter to me from them. Born singer ,,, I can never listen this without a drop of tears (If you're new, I recommend to go check live performance) Not to start with cd 3
this album is literally composed of their versatile music, from every genre down to their meanings.
I love this album all the song r so good the title track made me so emotional..
Full of nostalgia. BTS look back at their greatest hits and show the audience why they are the best at what they doThis album has quality like all the others, but it has something else that awakens positive feelings in us
This album is so beautifulThis album remembered me bts pastThank you btsThank for working hard on this album
Absolutely perfect!!! Proof reflects their amazing 9 year career with the old and new songs. I feel very nostalgic while listening to this album. BTS is the best
A perfect finale for chapter 1 of their career with old fan favourites, new songs and never before released demos.
This album shows the musical growth of BTS! I love all the songs in the album, no skips for me. I love their title track Yet To Come, but I gotta say Run BTS is fiire!!!
This album is very special to me, it contains their old songs that invite us to look back and end their first chapter with a song that describes their feelings, i'm really looking forward to the next album with a new chapter
The first cd is perfect to have a first approach with BTS discographyThe second for know them better, their solo and unit a more diverse songThe last one their work as complete artistThe album is a perfect mix with everything BTS has to offer as artist I recommend it for everyone !!
I believe BTS has managed to truly tell a story and showcase their discography of 9 years through Proof and that is what makes it an outstanding album. The album opens up exploring the hopes and dreams that they have had in the beginning of their career, a tumultuous period with its own set of trails and tribulations. It proceeds on to highlight their love for music, their growth, their drive and their biggest career moments. It also celebrates their history and the beautiful memories and yet hope for something better to come. It then proceeds to celebrate each members individuality via the handpicked solo songs of the members as well as unreleased demo versions of older tracks by some of the members- some unfinished, some nearly completed but all raw and genuine, and authentically BTS. It then move to focus on their fans, army, and their role in the story of BTS. Proof as an anthology is an homage to what makes BTS, BTS; Music, BTS the group, the individual members, and the fans and it delivered all these beautifully.
Amazing songs dedicated to their fans. Hope people understand how intimate between BTS and Army is this album, it's a remainder of how far we have come.
I love this album because it sums up the process of BTS and make the listener understand about the group! Good job
WOW THIS ALBUM IS SOOO AWESOME. BECAUSE IT'S ALL MASTERPIECES!!!
THIS ALBUM IS AMAZING! Not only the selection of songs for this album is sincere, this album also shows BTS' sincerity towards their journey, their career.
This album is great all the songs are beautiful and it really proves that BTS have such an amazimg discography.. THIS ALBUM IS REALLY FOR BTS AND ARMY ONLY
This anthology album takes us from the beginning of 7 normal Korean boys trying to find their place in the world to the present day juggernauts that have brought about such influence and change that they have been recognized by South Korea’s government and by the White House. While it closes the chapter on the first nine years of their career, it also looks forward to the future of these extraordinary men, while thanking their fans (ARMY) for sticking with them and supporting them. The music goes across many genres, while classified as K-Pop, BTS has everything from ballads, dis tracks, rap, trot, and everything in between as well as the one Run BTS track that reminds me of so many 80’s bops. Don’t expect a specific when you listen to this album, but keep an open heart and mind to all of the emotions, and places these songs can take you. It’s a wonderful roller coaster of nine years of music. Cannot wait to see what they do next.
Really love this album. BTS has really encapsulated their journey of 9 years in this album. They have a long way to go and waiting for more releases from them
This is such a amazing Album i just love it lots. Rm jungkook suga jin v jimin jhope u guys r the best
this album is incredible!!! they showcase all their greatest hits in 3 cds and it’s the best way to showcase their story from start to now through their music for people that aren’t as familiar with them as well as for fans who want to take a trip down memory lane. new tracks are very powerful and meaningful. this album is a 10/10!!!
This album is a great tribute to bts' year old discography and amazing concludes their 1st chapter with the Title track Yet to come that mentions their 9 year journey. My personal favourite is heavily bass Run BTS that is a Hiphop track. Beautiful album with their old songs too. My personal fav is CD3 that has their demos of their old songs
You can really see how diverse BTS music is in this album.I was pleasantly impressed by the main song Yet to come! I definitely recommend listening to this album 10/10
I think proof is a very essential step in their career. A nod to the past and all their trials and achievements while hinting at all the things they plan to accomplish in the future. Wonderfully mixing the past and the future in this anthology album, I love the way they arranged the songs in the cds. All their new tracks were so refreshing and perfectly executed. Yet to come is a uplifting and almost sad song reminiscing their past, for youth being their thankyou song for armys and ofc the star of the show run bts, my absolute favorite. and even though quotation mark and young love arent on spotify theyre a wonderful addition to the album as well!! Im just so happy with this album and comeback:))
I just finished listening to the whole album and I must say this album is another masterpiece by BTS. With 3 new songs and some of their old hits, this anthology album clearly describes the essence of BTS. They start the album with their emotional anthem, Born Singer, which was released before on SoundCloud. I am glad they decided to put it on this album. It's a really special track for both BTS and ARMY. From hip-hop genre (Run BTS) to a soft pop ballad (Yet to Come) the album is a treat to our ears. And we definitely can't forget about the beautiful track, 'For Youth' that starts with the echoes of ARMYs singing their track Young Forever and ends with their promise to stay with us together. As an Army since 2017, I couldn't ask for more from them and this album.
It's a great anthology album as they have come so far with a diverse discography and as in this album one can see the diversity in their music and the various genres they have tried till now . It includes all their top Hits from past and the new songs like Yet To Come which is in reference to their past years and was written for their fans , it's a beautiful and good ballad song for me . Then other new songs like Born singer and for youth are also great too which also represents how far they have come . My personal favourite is Run BTS which is a great track and the other songs present on CD 3 ,which are demo version of their old songs which are seriously so good .
Proof is an amazing album, masterfully weaving the story of their artistry and their reflection on their artistic journey. It includes all of their title tracks from their debut until now, singles, songs the members personally chose, a remastered Born Singer, a 9 year old track sampling J. Cole's Born Sinner, 3 new songs and demos available only on the physical album. Yet To Come revisits their past until now promising a bright new future. Run BTS has an addictive beat with witty word play answering to the malicious chatter they face. For Youth is a serenade to their fans and the strong unbreakable bond they developed over the years. Releasing the demos shows the level of trust to their fans and reveals a part of behind the scenes to how they make music. It's hit after a hit, a showcase of their long immaculate and wildly diverse catalog.
BANGER AFTER BANGER loved yet to come the most, I just have it on repeat. The artists they are for real. We can't find such gems all in one albums nowadays
This album full of good song!! YALL should listen this album, no skip album!
This anthology brings me back to when I first found BTS. 2016 was a rough year and I found them when i needed them the most. I’ve seen some of their most iconic eras and now with this new album its all coming back to me. For those of us that have been here a while we are re enjoying those comebacks and the music and giving the older songs the much love that they deserve. For those that are new to the BTS train, all i have to say is “BUCKLE UP BC YOUR IN FOR A TREAT”. BANGTAN doesn’t disappoint, they take you on a ride of different genres and I love them for that. Never afraid to try new sounds. Enjoy every single song and look up lyrics… its just like reading a book.
This album is a must to buy and listen. An anthology of BTS greatest hits and fave songs. This album will give you the history and diversity of their discography. Its like putting all the bop and your fave BTS songs into 1 album. The title track Yet to come is very good and the lyrics make me emotional while the other new song like RUN BTS makes me so hype, happy and make me dance. The song for youth and born singer is very good too, the 1st one is dedicated for ARMY while the latter is about their experience during the start of their career! Listening from the 1st song of CD1 to the last song of CD 3 is like experiencing and taking a journey with them. This album is a real treasure indeed!
Nostalgic is the first word that comes to my mind when I listen to this album. We take a ride in the BTS music history, since its song debut "No more dream" to the latest "Yet To Come". 2022 definetely has setted a new beggining ("debut") for BTS career and I can not wait to see what they are preparing for us
One of the most intimate, well thought anthologies. It tells a full story about them ad a group and as individuals who loves music with all their hearts.
The album represents the story of their career through the years, the growth and development of their discography from different genres, as a group or each member's individuality, stories they want to tell and most importantly the messages are all captured in this album. There are 3 new songs so a big icing to the cake and demos/unreleased tracks included too so what a way for a fan to enjoy it all. A big special gift to the fans to celebrate their 9th anniversary so what more you can wish for. I think this is a prologue of their new start for more better things that will come to them.
If you want some various music genre in 1 album, I recommend you this one. Their 9 years ol journey in music industry together with their fans is perfectly crafted in this 3 disc album
Truly a top tier album of nostalgia and growth, every single song is a bop. BTS did it again
I loved this album; this album shows BTS's discography of 9 years. Through this album, I felt like I was here for all the eras. The best part of this album is that only ARMYS will understand its meaning, not a random person.
proof album is literally a proof of their 9 years of journey together, their history, their goals,their artistic merit. A MASTERPIECE INDEED.
It is without a doubt a magnificent album. You can feel in the songs all the love that BTS has placed in their career and in the army over the 10 years. The lyrics of the songs, the beat the story behind of the album are amazing and make you feel touched. I saw the translation of the new songs and I felt welcomed and loved by the boys. It is without a doubt an important album for us and totally wonderful. listen, You will not regret.
this album is a masterpiece! their music keeps getting better as years goes by, all seven of them are such geniuses how do they create such masterpieces. its a great feeling to listen to their music, ive been an army since 2016 and each year they dropped incredible music and im lucky that im a part of their army and im able to listen to their anthology album!
a beautiful journey through bts discography, listen to it from beginning to end and you won't be disappointed seeing bts growth and music versatility
The album has a surprising musical evolution. The voices have great power and feelings that make you understand what they want to convey even if you don't understand what they are saying. When translating the lyrics, some puns are lost, but even so, the essence of the great lyrics is understood.
This album is a love letter to those who were apart of the bands 10 year journey, this includes BTS themselves. Proof graciously reflects their artistry, accomplishments and hard work. Disc 3 is absolutely charming, somewhat intimate and vulnerable... They're demos, unpolished and unfinished yet they sound just as amazing as the final product.
This an awesome album, containing some of the most beautiful old songs of BTS and amazing new songs. After so many noises released on the name of music finally got a chance to listen something which is peaceful and rocking. This album is a proof of the reason why BTS is at the top and loved by fans all over the world.
I absolutely love this album. The message behind Yet To Come is so beautiful and was the perfect title track for an anthology album!
Bts foi perfeito com esse álbum, todas as músicas maravilhosas, run bts é a minha preferida
amei muitooooooooobts sempre será os melhores tenho orgulho de ser army
it’s an incredible anthology album, loved the title track yet to come and run bts is definitely a banger
A gorgeous masterpiece anthology album, For Youth is my favorite song on disk one, very meaningful songs. The new tracks are amazing as well as the demos. Very talented group.
As a 2019 Army, I really appreciate BTS putting together their older songs to let us experience their journey since the beginning. Unfortunately, some of us came to discover them at a later time so I believe this album is the perfect chance to admire their growth as artists even if you weren't on the journey since 2013. All the demos of their older songs are incredible, and it gives them a new flavor. Their new 3 songs summarize their journey perfectly by saying that their best is yet to come,
An anthology album as amazing as their 9 year journey. BTS really is a class act..only one at the top of the music industry.I have tried other Korean groups too but the music is very terrible and is handed them down from their companies with zero involvement of the group be it boy or girl group.BTS really draws the line with being the act with meaningful songs with intricate lyricism and amazing vocals and rap.This album, Proof, starts with their debut song and ends with Yet to come. Every single song has a different melody different story and different message to convey.A 10/10 to bts for the proof album and for paving the way and carrying the industry on their backs.
Incredible album! It's so refreshing to listen to it because with every song is something completely new and different. it's beautiful to see one artist try so many different genres. for the packaging, I completely loved the inclusions, absolutely worth it!
It's so fun and interesting to listen to this album since it's like you're able to time-travel all the way back to 2013 and fully follow BTS on their journey as artists. The songs in this album are also very diverse and show incredibly well why BTS are so successful today with well-written lyrics, outstanding vocals and wonderful production. They have truly worked hard to come where they are today! An amazing album!
This anthology album brought me a lot of wonderful emotions even though I wasn't with them from the beginning I feel like I was there thank you BTS for this album. The best is yet to come
best álbum I heard in a long time,I love it,the songs are just
I was really surprised the voices of each of the members are getting better and better the sounds of each one are really good the improvements in born singer are really spectacular this album is really proof of their hard work as great artists.
This album is a love letter to ARMY.For those that have followed BTS' journey, either in real time, or belatedly, you can see the love for creatinv music that the group has. CD1 walks you through their main title tracks chronologically and you can hear their growth as artists and as people in their music. From the heavily hiphop inspired songs about youth empowerments from their early years, to the Skool era of being young people experiencing a vast range of emotions for the first time, to their celebration of and yearning for youth during the HYYH era, to the personal growth reflected in the Love Yourself era, to the introspective thoughts during the Map of the Soul era, to the lightheartedness and yearning for connection we all felt during the "pandemic" era.CD2 displays a look into the members' personal favourite tracks from the past nine years, paired into a solo song and a personal. pick from each member. It highlights the varied talents and range of each member.CD3 is the members baring themselves to their fans. A CD of unreleased raw tracks and demos, flaws and all, demonstrates a passion towards creating music and honesty shared with fans, ending with the tear-inducing "For Youth". No matter what the future holds, the successes and failures they have experienced over the past nine years, the group promises that the best, for BTS, is truly Yet to Come.
Great songs, a really time travel through their career. It's absolutely amazing. And the new songs, OMG, every lyrics have a special meaning. Beautifully sealed the first chapter.
It's the best album I've ever heard! All the members did a great job on the new songs and the choice of songs already released.
i was brought to tears when i listened to this album. this collection of bts and their artistry. I've been an army since 2018 and they have truly made my life better and this album feel like looking back and remembering the past, learning and loving it, then looking at the future with anticipation.
I love this album!!! All my favourite songs from every album!!
This is a beautiful way to look back on what BTS has achieved through their 9 years journey. You'll see what kind of band they are: passionate, cheerful, lovely and always honest with their listeners. This is a precious gift, consisting of hip-hop and pop tracks from previous albums and new ones that BTS have created for their fans
BTS is artistry in action. Every song they write/produce has themselves written into their music. They express themselves with heartful intentions and lay it all on the table. The little hints to philosophy also play into their artistry. The way their music speaks about mental health or youthful feelings is so relevant to what fans are going through now. They heal ARMY with their music and make us feel alive. I am so happy to have become of fan of theirs. I can't wait to see what is "Yet to Come", because whatever comes next is going to be the best.
The album is an anthology album and included most of their best tracks from their ist album and added new songs. Its a narrative of their journey and their lead title Yet to Come is telling us that their best is still coming. RUNBTS is a bop song that will stick to your head throughout the day. For Youth will make you feel their love for their fans, ARMY and makes you want to cry.
amazing album, absolutely breathtaking work by BTS. Definitely album of the year!!
Another great album from BTS. Love every tracks especially Yet to come & run BTS
As it's an anthology album, it's got all their hit songs and 3 new songs which everyone must look forward to, it surely does slap. It's absolutely amazing. Yet to come is their title song and the music video has references to their hyyh era. Its absolutely beautiful.
Incredible way to show case your discography and continue to build it up with very well produced meaningful tracks
A fantastic anthology of the songs that have shaped BTS's 9 year career, their so-called Chapter 1. Starting with a re-recording of Born Singer is an emotional throwback. So different from the pre-debut version with all it's fiery desperation, but infused with the quiet confidence of seasoned artists who know that they will do everything to overcome the obstacles in their way. It sets the tone for the rest of the collection, particularly the new songs (Yet to Come, Run BTS, For Youth) where they acknowledge a difficult past while looking hopefully forwards to the next best and beautiful moment with ARMY. There couldn't be a better way to say goodbye to Chapter 1!
the songs are really good. This is my first ever support to Kpop boy band. Their songs give me energy and hope.
The anthology album with 3 new songs and a mix of the old ones is such a beautiful tribute to the ARMYs and their journey till date. Yet to come has found its place in the charts and our hearts. HAPPY 9th ANNIVERSARY BTS!
maior dos maiores, Run BTS maior que carreiras, mostra a caminhada deles, simplesmente maravilhoso
Simplesmente incrível. O álbum conta com músicas desde o debut do grupo até os dias atuais. Um ótimo álbum para quem deseja conhecer um pouco mais sobre a história do BTS e uma recordação maravilhosa pra nós, Armys.
This album is really a masterpiece, one of the most beautiful things I ever heard/see in my entire life
They really depicted their 9 years of music and how it has evolved and it really shows just how they have grown as artists, composer and writers. They took new Army back to day 1 and reminisced with Army who have been with them from day 1 up to now. I'm excited to see what the future holds for them I'm sure great things . I Love every song they have chosen for the album and the new songs as well. This is their Anthology Album, 9 years of their hard work coming together in this album .
The boys did an amazing job, the whole concept was very well thought out and worked on, the songs were well chosen and with amazing lyrics, you could see all the effort they put into this album and all the effort paid off in the end because everything turned out to be extremely perfect.
Proof is a shining example of how BTS do well. this antology album is drawing listeners in with the familiar and preacious experience, all with a special and personal touch.
Worst album. Just a compillation of their old songs? | didn't sign up for this when i became an ARMY. Quite disappointed.
It's a perfect and complete album. It tells the story of the group through its 9-year musical career.
Everything BTS makes is amazing. On this album, the members have helped with writing a majority of the songs, sing multiple genres, show style and talent, and are always artistic and creative with every detail. I love the three new songs. The best part is that each one is completely different from the others but all done very well and with love for ARMY.
A reflection to the past and a path to future. Loved it. It shows the colours of Bangtan Sonyeondan, It's bond with ARMY, with themselves, the love, the determination and the passion, they have with music.
All the new songs are amazing. I’m so happy that we finally got Born Singer on Spotify after 9 after its release ((: My favorite track on the album is Run BTS. It’s just too good you can’t get enough of it! Yet to Come and For Youth makes me tear up every time I listen to it :”) The whole album is 10 out of 10. They released a masterpiece as always.
this is one of the best bts albums, It is very complete and shows the entire trajectory of the boys and how they have grown
Proof is clearly an album that tells BTS's story. From Yet to Come (an alterative hip hop track that tells the story of bts past and hope for the future), to RUN BTS (an up tempo Hip-hop track that contains BTS free spirit) and With Youth (which contains chants from ARMY and is a song for their fans) - they all tell story of bts up until this point as well as highlighting the fact they are in this for life. With the official release of Born Singer (that's only been avaliable on Soundcloud prior) and demos of previously released songs shows the love BTS put into their craft, their music. Another album that did not disappoint. I look forward to the best that's Yet To Come while enjoying the masterpiece that is the Proof anthology album for a long time.
Proof is a great album that proves the real BTS essence, very personal and special the new songs are so great!
What a great album! All those songs really captured well their essence, "Run BTS" is the star among the new songs for me, Yet To Come and For Youth also hold an emotional and beautiful message for BTS and for Army. Flawless vocals and rap, as always. For those who only know their English songs, this album is a perfect guide into their Korean discography that has one of the most amazing lyrics and instrumentals I've ever seen! They're truly one of the biggest acts in the world! To have such songs, such discography to release an anthology album only 10 years into your career is not for anybody. Well done, BTS! Patiently looking forward to a new tour and more songs! Fighting!
"Proof" is an accumulation of many important moments and songs in BTS' career, it shows the wild and yet kind side. Simply the perfect album to celebrate 9 years.
El Álbum es un resumen perfecto de todo lo que BTS vivió. Muestra a la perfección la evolución de los chicos y la diversidad que poseen.
This album tells BTS’ story through some of their most iconic hits along with three new diverse songs. You can tell they admire their fans.
Simplemente, me ha encantado. Creo que este album contiene la historia musical del grupo y las nuevas canciones hacen hincapié en su estilo y calidad musical. Es agradable escucharlos.
An album full of hits, a really sentimental touch with all the demos versions. The 3 new songs compliment the older songs, the end of a chapter namjoon (RM) said. Lyrics as always don’t disappoint, you can really see them growing as artist through every track.
the best album ever run bulletproof run yeah you gotta run run bulletproof run
This album is a masterpiece. It is very special for BTS and ARMYs. No one will regret buying this album, I'm sure. Best Kpop album of the year
This album is definitely top tier. The anthology album shows the various musical colours, lyricism and storytelling ability that gave BTS, the biggest group and current the biggest global musical act their immense success. Spanning a range of diverse musical genres from hip-hop to EDM to Pop and punk rock to rnb and rap and including everything from high energy songs to slow somber ballads that blend together seamlessly. Almost all songs in the album are individually above a 7.5 rating but songs like born singer, the new run BTS, blood sweat and tears, yet to come, spring day and cypher part 3 are standouts.The men of BTS get a lot of unwarranted hate and many refuse to listen to their songs because they are mostly not in English but I think anyone who listens to the album without bias will enjoy it.
This anthology album perfectly encapsulates the whole journey and evolution of BTS' music and artistry as musicians. The three new tracks and the demos added new essence and meaning to this anthology album. My favorite tracks are Yet To Come, Run BTS, Quotation Mark (???), and For Youth.
Perfect album especially run bts is a whole masterpiece and yet to come is an emotional song can’t be better
this is one of the best albums i've ever heard. He brings such a remarkable story is important to bts career. I really admire all the effort and dedication of the members, the lyrics of the songs are amazing and the fact that it is an anthology album makes everything more special and great.
es hermoso, yet to come es una pieza de arte, 가려라 방탄 igualmente y quotation mark es excelente, todo excelente con este álbum
A wonderful anthology album. The unreleased songs are very good, and far from the Americanized standard that they had been suffering, due to the sobriety adopted in the last releases. The album fulfills everything, even what it doesn't promise.
There is no doubting the amount of thought, time, and passion that went into creating and curating this album. It tells a story, and is the evidence of, what has been a triumphant journey to the upper-most echelons of musical talent. Yet, this album does not brag about this feat, indeed, it takes a step back and allows us to truly understand the workings of the worlds biggest boy band. Yet to come celebrates all that makes BTS and exclaims this is just the beginning; the whole mood of the album reflects this. The crowning glory being Run BTS, a hip-hop track that has the potential to be the bands magnum opus- indeed only time will tell- but it is an incredible flashback and forward, simultaneously getting us excited for more and nostalgic for the past. The only criticism of this album is the pacing which leaves the two highlights of the work running in tandem (with Run BTS coming directly after Yet to Come). This leaves large expanses of older tracks to drift in anticipation of the new. (This can often leave me jumping around the album, chasing the high of the newer releases). They have done it again!
An album that shows just how diversity a band named as the best in the world has. Every song on the album is special, and together they tell a story going back 10 years
Proof it's the perfect ode to BTS' 9 years of hard work in music.This 3 CD anthology is more than just a "the best of", but a showcase of the group's range and changes through the years. And the new songs, Yet To Come, For Youth and Run BTS are the icing on this perfectly baked cake.
In the 9 years since bangtan sonyeondan debuted, they have constantly evolved musically. From heavy hip-hop to alternative to pop, you’ll find music of almost every genre in their extensive catalogue. For people who haven’t had the fortune of living through these transitions, and for those who haven’t found the time to listen to their catalogue, this anthology album comes at a much needed time. Bops from the past, their massive hit ‘dynamite’ and a full cd of unreleased songs and demo recordings, you’re in for a rode that’ll make you fall in love with their music; not to mention the three new songs. Yet to come is the proclamation that they haven’t forgotten their roots and that at the end it’s all about their love for music. Run BTS is undoubtedly one of their best songs. I won’t say anything else, you’ll have to listen to the masterpiece yourself to understand it. For Youth is a fan anthem and in classic bangtan style, the boys declare their love and adoration for the ARMY. All in all, this album is a wild ride, one which i would choose any given day.
A really good summary of their career so far. Proof is a must for anyone curious about BTS discography. All of BTS’s universal hits and important songs in their journey complemented by 3 new brilliant tracks.
Absolutely perfect!!!! An album worthy of being called a top tier anthology album.
Amazing. Love the old and new tracks. Espero que tenga mucho reconocimiento.
tudo lindo vocais produção só as melhores da carreira emocionaram de verdade
Bts yet to come back to back w all the past connections.. I will be there for you as well as I have always been
Un viaje en la historia de Bangtan y Army. Mi canción favorita Run BTS y del tercer disco la versión de Epiphany de Jin.
It's a masterpiece. I'm not surprised, just happy. BTS are really artists...
The album is literally a masterpiece, i have no better words to describe it
Best album with the title track soothing along with bop run bts and emotional title dedicated to us
Yet to Come is truly perfect, Run BTS reveals the essence of the group and For Youth show us how they feel about they relation with A.R.M.Y
It is an incredible album, it transmits many emotions and feelings!It's an amazing album
An incredible reflection on their amazing 9 year career. Love the new songs, especially Yet to Come and Run BTS, and also reliving all our favorites. Take a listen and get to know the incredible range of BTS's musical journey.
This is the best BTS album. All the news lyrics and melodies are so especial for the BTS and ARMY.
The 3 new songs are great additions to their first chapter´s conclusion. This is a true musical journey which showcases all their strengths and hopefully will show new listeners why BTS is at the top of the charts.
Just hit after hit it really feels like such an authentically bts album. Showcasing their journey from debut until now with new songs mixed into it and demos on the 3rd disc. I couldnt have asked for a better anthology album!
Este es uno de los álbumes mas significativos de su trayectoria, un nuevo despertar musical y una nueva era para nuevos fans, lo mejor esta por venir. El sencillo "Run BTS" es actualmente mi favorito, me llena de vitalidad y energía. Estos chicos se superan cada vez más, álbum tras álbum dan lo mejor de si pero esta industria no esta preparada para el fenómeno Bangtan.
É um álbum incrível, cheio de memórias e músicas maravilhosas. As músicas novas ficaram incríveis, como sempre. Eu amo a discografia do BTS, e amo ver o quão bom eles sempre foram. Então é um álbum especial e cheio de histórias.
Flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop flop
HAKABSHABAHAHAHAHAJ what even is this? Its so bad like how is it real? Embarrassing how they even had the confidence to release something bad like this album
One of the best albums I've ever heard. Their history since 2013 is very beautiful and the gradual evolution of the songs is noticeable both in the style and way of singing as well as in the sound, something that pleased me a lot! The new songs also fit very well, the alternative hip hop of Yet To Come allied to the sentimentality of For Youth were very well articulated. Run BTS is also an essential song that is closer to the old style of songs adapted for the present. Incredible!
Excelentes album. Lleno de energía. Buena música, diferentes ritmos. Buenos mensajes. Buena vibra
Estoy muy orgullosa de BTS, han ido creciendo no sólo como personas sino como artistas. Este álbum lo demuestra. Me encantó, es un placer total escuchar todo su recorrido musical de 9 años.
It's a beautiful album that talks about their past and how they got over it.
Este Álbum antológico incluye los 3 nuevos sencillos del grupo: "Yet To Come (The Most Beautiful Moment)", "Run BTS" y "For Youth", y además, "Born Singer"; un cover que gráfica sus primeros días de debut y días de trainee, que sólo estaba disponible en soundtrack y youtube (escrito, porsupuesto por ellos mismos). En este álbum puedes ver los propios pensamientos, emociones e historias del grupo: su pasión por la música, su afecto mutuo, su lucha constante, sus preocupaciones, sueños y dudas, que han tenido durante toda su carrera, pero también puedes conocer, en el CD 3, versiones de canciones que en su momento estuvieron a punto de incluirse en los álbumes, en las que los miembros trabajaron, pero finalmente no se incluyeron, lanzando las versiones ya conocidas. Si conoces su historia, entenderás cada emoción y te sentirás orgulloso, de que "David" haya vencido a los 3 Goliat de Corea del Sur.
Since it's an anthology album, it contains all their hits, singles and some non singles + 3 new absolutely amazing songs. I loved the album and my favorite is run bts which is probably going to be my favorite hip hop song by them after tear.
INCRÍVEL! ATEMPORAL! O BTS CONTINUA FAZENDO HISTÓRIA ENQUANTO OS HATERS NÃO CONSEGUEM NEM UM EMPREGO
BTS Proof Anthology album is a gift that keeps on giving. A masterpiece that reflects the hard work, character, and exquisite musicality of BTS through the years. A perfect album for their 9th Anniversary.
So bad so bad so bad so bad so bad so bad so bad so bad so bad so bad so bad so bad so
The album really showcases BTS' journey from the bottom to superstardom! It's filled with their greatest hits and milestones as well as new tracks that perfectly sum up their history and want to see what comes next. The tracks span across multiple genres and different languages, showing how much BTS has evolved as a group over time. They are never afraid the try out something new, further showing how hard it is the fit them into any mold. A truly amazing album that is an emotional ride for old fans as well as being educational for people just getting to know the group.
Proof summarizes BTS’s 9 years of musical artistry. Yet To Come, the albums’s main track is a masterpiece that will bring you back from where BTS started to where they are today. In addition, they never forget their ARMY and dedicated a song to them entitled “For Youth” reassuring that they will be with ARMY for the rest of their life.
An incredible time capsule of their skill and artistry as a group. BTS's hands have dipped into such a wide pool of genres and messages, there really is something for everyone when it comes to their discography, and Proof is a remarkable attempt at condensing their 360+ song catalog into what really is merely an introduction to all they've contributed to the music industry.
This anthology gives the listener a front row seat to the amazing 9 year journey that is the career of BTS. The third disc is illuminating to their creative process and the 2nd shows the individual members’ tastes and the wide variety in the group’s discography.
Sadly, I think the new title track is very disappointing and not catchy at all. I like some of the other songs, but not that many. All in all it is a quite bad album
I love this album. The title track carries so many references to Bts's old musics. This is significantly their story of the past . Thi album truly so emotional and deserve the high ratings.
I have been a fan for 7 years and this album is so special for all the armys. It tells a story, a story of their growth, their hardships and their success and it’s very close to our hearts. In Yet to come song they are conveying the message of how everyone keeps telling them they were the best, but they honestly think their best is yet to come and they are just a bunch of men who love music and will work hard for it. It has a lot of references to all the other songs they released in the past. For non armys it might not make sense without understanding all those songs, but the song can still be enjoyed on its own. It’s a song that is breaking a lot of records BTS hols as a Korean act! Run bts is a complete bop song. Listen to it once and you will know why the fans are crazy over it. It’s raw, powerful, wild and so so addictive. It proves how bts b-side songs are never to be over looked and they prove that with every album. Please stop paying all the trolls here who will never get real music from their fav any attention. Stream proof and BTS, listen to all their songs without any preconceived notions about them or biases and you will see how genuine these guys are and how much they care about music.
It sucked...........................................................would not listen
A masterpiece is what this album is.God bless bantan for the rest of their journey and life.
This anthology album is both iconic and nostalgic. Carrying BTS' greatest music in a package, it delivers a powerful message of their growth as an artist. You will surely enjoy exploring the album's different topics, colors, moods, and genres. It is an album that screams BTS in all of its diverse and top-quality glory.
Musically i would say it is one of the best albums ever released, depicting their journey from predebut era (born singer) to present global superstar era. It feels like it is the assimilation of every BTS sound and genres that they have created hip-hop, pop, rnb, edm, synthpop, rock, urban, emo rock, trap, funk, light trap. The lyrics are very autobiographical for the new 3 songs Yet to come, Run BTS and For Youth. The various of emotions of uncertainty to certainty, hunger, passion , stress to show their best to really become their best and the promise of The best is yet to come. The pen game of the rap line and the vocals of the vocal line the production it is immaculate and cd2 consisting of demos and unreleased tracks it is gem . Coz you don't see artists putting so much effort anymore and u can clearly understand why BTS are BTS coz they take their craft seriously.
This album is everything I needed...like everything.. maybe it has old songs but to experience them all over again was amazing and heartwarming also the new songs are just mind-blowing..yet to come got me feeling satisfied and happy and for your just got me on tears and finally run bts ..this song is allll I have ever wanted... it's my favorite and many more sings .so yeah thank u bts for this !
Uma obra prima! Esse álbum antológico só prova o quanto a discografia do grupo é perfeita.
This album is a masterpiece BTS reflected on their past and the hardships they faced in an optimistic way saying the best is #YetToComeThey did it againThey created not just an album but an emotionSo proud
Best album ever. Favorite music in one full off surprises. I love the esthetics black and the holograms on the front
An excellent end to the first chapter of their career, Proof is a recap of BTS’ work over the past 9 years alongside three new songs. The album brings you through their debut to the present day, and is truly proof of their passion for music and the success they’ve rightfully garnered over the years.
This album is fantastic I recommend another to hear runbts and epiphany from this album
As a long term army, I waited eagerly for this album. Felt a bit disappointed when they announced that this is going to be an anthology and only 3 new songs will be released. Still, I didn't lose hope and finally it was the D-day and yet to come mv got premiered and gods that was the worst music video i have ever watched!! The song by itself was trash to the core, and thankfully hobi and joon decreased the wound by a little with their verses. We waited 2 years for this? Did the tannies lose their interest in music? I totally hated the title track but I acted cool infront of my friends so as to not to spread the negativity. Now coming on to the b-sides, 'born singer' being an old song was good. 'Run bts' was pretty much okay. For youth was bad, never liked it from the first hearing. Why did they even add all those already available songs to this album? Hybe's **** af. These are my initial thoughts. Idk this might change in a while. But the disappointment i felt is immeasurable. Im really sad. Hope the tannies get back their music tastes.
This album feels so sentimental. these songs hold a special place in my heart. if you are someone who is new to BTS i highly recommend this album. it's like a path to their gurney you will learn a lot about them and you will love it for sure.
This is a great album that includes songs of BTS in all eras. The best way to close their chapter 1 with their new and old songs that are loved by ARMYs.
This album is nothing special, honestly, I'm quite disappointed. It brings nothing new to the genre.
O álbum é muito vazio e com letras básicas acho que antológico é só uma desculpa para inflar os números esperados que eles não conseguiram, produção ruim e composição mediocre, essa é a definição.
This is just a waste of money including only 3 new songs only 1 is good and the title is so bland and boring
Their music is not good anymore especially the english songs. they are past their peak i fear.. i used to be a fan but only liked them not their music i can’t force myself to listen anymore still love them though
honestly, the new songs are so boring, and Jimin being the Lead Vocalist of BTS had the least amount of lines in the Title Track "Yet To Come" and second least lines in B side "Run BTS", also he is the only member who didn’t have a demo version on this album who sad and disappointed because jimin's voice gives life and color to BTS songs and this time it wasn't like that.
I was looking forward to listen to the album but it was so disappointing, the new songs are boring and bland. Nothing interesting about this album.
an overrated project, considering that they have thrown in most possible and imaginable collaborations to get credit in the West, the boy band exploiting the human being has conceived a snooty, repetitive, and lackadaisical album. mah
Обычный сборник всех синглов ради стриминга и выкачки денег
Amazing
Song yet to come perfectly reminisce about their past musical career and gives hope for a more better future. Not only this song is perfect for them but us, people can relate to it and can hope better future for themselves. Run BTS is fun song on a hip-hop beat with addition of rock vibes. While For Youth is a song dedicated to their fans saying that they want be with fans for a long time and wants to enjoy their journey together( basically a love song for their fans) while the songs shows their musical journey and growth. They have demos only available on physical album, show their creativity. This anthology album is perfect to end the first chapter of their career and to start a fresh new one.
Seriously this is the best anthology album! It makes me so proud they've come so far so thank you BTS for always giving us meaningful songs and uplifting our spirits during the hard times.
This is very good anthology album. I just got my standard set and it was very beautiful. I love it
their best album. this really shows their journey. a special album for army and bangtan
This album is an end to the first chapter of their career and I can see how important their fans to them. This is also a way to go back and listen to their old songs especially to their new fans who haven't discovered yet the diversity of BTS discography. I love how the three new songs tells us the story of their journey from the start till now and how important their fans are to their success. It's like telling everyone that every achievement they made, it's because army's are behind them and always supporting them. Overall the new songs are good and brings happiness to the listeners.
Good album !! Really shows everything they have accomplished through the years ❤️
Yall this album is lit!
I love the album, hits after hits thank you for the 9 years boys to 9 more we go!
As usual BTS makes THE BEST songs of all time, and this anthology album reflects on how far they have come and what they have achieved so far. I felt this was a personal album to both army and bts cause it included demos and songs which were meant for armys and BTS! Impressed by BTS as always
This album is really beautiful, the fact that they made an anthology album to showcase their journey as musicians also making 3 songs that reflect on where they come from, where they are going and what they stand for is absolutely just amazing.
Me dí la oportunidad de escuchar el álbum sacando de lado mis prejuicios sobre la música asiática y puedo decir que me encantó, me tomé la molestia de apreciar la letra y entendí el mensaje esperanzador que este grupo quiere transmitir. Muy bien, BTS.
If you're new to the BTS, you can easily get a clear idea about their music and other phenomenal stuff they've done through this album. It's a collection of their songs and their achievements! This anthology album is by far the best album they've ever created. They never disappoint!
Восхитительно!BTS прошли долгий плодотворный путь, и данный альбом тому доказательство. Что песня - хит.
Such a great album and worth every single second waiting for its release! Can't wait for the next chapter. Thank you BTS for everything!
The album really showcases the growth of the group , the three new song dedicated to the members , the fans and their journey , this is an album that the fans as well as the group is connected to in depth .!
The best album by BTS!!! It is a must to listen to this album. BTS never makes me disappoint.
A 9 years worth of art presented in an Album by the biggest band in the world BTS
run bulletproof run yeah you gotta run, run, run lets go if we live fast let us die young
É um álbum incrível. Eu como fã penso muito sobre a carreira deles, e poder ter um album com músicas de toda sua carreira me orgulha demais. Eles são petistas incríveis e suas músicas sempre são tocantes e alegram a vida de quem ouve sem preconceito.
Legit such an amazing Anthology Album
BTS compilation album is perfect. The new songs are different from each other, and convey different feelings. This is their best work so far
all new tracks are so beautiful, especially 'For Youth' which is my favorite bside - the lyrics is so thoughtful and I feel so touched, I can really feel their love for AArmy. Borahae my boys thankyou for the beautiful gift
PROOF is such amazing album that contain so meaningful and beautiful songs.
ALBUM OF THE YEAR! PERIODT
MAGNÍFICA ANTOLOGÍA, ESTA LLENA DE ÉXITOS DE BANGTAN, AMO LA NUEVA CANCIÓN "Run'Son tres discos que te emocionan al escucharlos.
O melhor e maior álbum desse ano, músicas incriveis e o melhor grupo do mundo
BTS é incrível em tudo que faz. O álbum está incrível. Ter a oportunidade de rever toda a carreira do grupo partindo da percepção deles da história, é uma experiência gratificante. As nova músicas mostram a força, a gratidão, o amor que o grupo tem pelo trabalho deles, por eles e pelos fãs. Só sei ser grata por ter acompanhado esse capítulo que eles enceram e sou grata por poder acompanhar o que vira a seguir. Um obrigada aos meus melhores amigos pelo resto da minha vida por suas músicas incríveis
I love this album. The songs have a very special meaning for BTS and the fans.
amazing album, wonderful, beautiful, heals where it hurts, just perfect.the songs are very beautiful and energetic, every time i listen to this album i want to go out dancing and singing in the streets
"K-Pop" is not enough to describe the type of music they made all over the years. This is more deep than anything I've heard in all my life. It's a work of art!
Garbage songs, unlistenable, why they are so famous, only stupid. girls vote 10 for them.
trash, just a bunch of old ass music put together, the title track is horrible, run bts is the most boring song i’ve ever heard
thats flop song, idk why they release flop song. they failed to get their target chart.
Arte em seu estado mais puro. Um passeio em ordem cronológica pela discografia impecável do BTS. A tracklist escolhida com cuidado, com todos os hits do grupo e outras canções que não foram singles, mas que são tão perfeitas quantas as que foram. Há várias outras músicas que poderiam entrar na tracklist, mas considerando que o BTS não possui música ruim, qualquer canção aleatória poderia entrar e se encaixar perfeitamente na lista de músicas. O Proof definitivamente é um marco importante na carreira do BTS e com certeza, muito especial para todos os ARMYs!
It's an anthology album! there's a lot of good old songs and 3 new songs of BTS, It's an album to anyone who wants to know a bit more about bts' style and bts' story, I hope everyone who enjoys this album and still not a fan go check their entire discography, because it's amazing and powerful! you won't regret!
This body of work is love letter to their past selves and to their fans, both old and new. Beautiful. Bittersweet. And poignant.
Proof is a SOLID anthology. Comprised of 3 CDs, each CD brings something unique to the table while capturing the history of BTS's music. CD 1 has their well-known title tracks throughout the years along with new song "Yet To Come", expressing how they're constantly bringing their best to the table with each stage of their career and promise to keep doing so. CD 2 contains solos and sub-unit songs, all personally chosen and with personal meaning. It also has new song "Run BTS", a number designed to pump you up. CD 3 (only available in physical) is a goldmine of unreleased demos, sharing some of the process/evolution of their songs. CD 3 also has the new song "For Youth", a beautiful ode to ARMY.All in all it's a huge treat for the fans and a great way for newcomers to experience some of their older works. Loved it!
This album is a collection of songs and a collection of memories that was crafted as a gift to BTS and ARMYs journey so far. It is clearly created for fans, to reminisce and to relive a highlight reel of their path in CD 1, to see the members' ideas of themselves and BTS within CD 2, and to finally see their musical diary pages in CD 3 which ends with a love song crafted in a heartfelt vulnerable and tear enducing list of confessions from the members to ARMYs. The first CD is a public path of BTS, the second a more nuanced glimpse to the path of every members musical journey in a more contained public view, and the third is pieces of their very private personal and raw journey of music, finally ending with their most personal feelings for their fans. It's a journey from superficially looking at BTS to looking at BTS' heart. It's the most special gift a fan could ask for.
BTS, as always, delivering amazing new songs in an anthology album of the most outstanding songs in the last 9 years. The best, as always.
Whether you are new or old fan i think this was so smart to release. A look back on their journey as young rookies to the global superstars they are. It was so nice for fans to be reintroduced to their amazing discography and i will forever be grateful for cd3. To put out unfinished demos of them goofing around is not easy but there were so many hidden gems i HAD to make sure i got a physical. The 3 new tracks Yet to Come, Run BTS and For Youth all so different. Yet to come is this pop ballad style that challenges hyyh and how this is the most beautiful moment in life...the present with no...actually this is only chapter 1 and the best is yet to come. Run BTS omg is laced with crack it is so fun and catchy. My butt cant help but shake. I look forward to a live performance of this
"Proof" is not only an amazing way to get someone who is new to BTS introduced, it also follows a story via lyrics and songs of BTS's growth and artistic development. It also closes one chapter for them, they're declaring that they're not done. They're only starting and their single "Yet to Come" encases a nostalgic and sad closing to an era of music but also curiosity to know what's next. As for the tracks: they're all varied in sound but my personal favorite "Run BTS" shows the real "Proof" of BTS's hard work and the blood, sweat and tears they've spilled to reach their worldwide success. It's a track that shows a raw, tough, yet fun side to BTS's discography. A side not known by many in the general public. They mention their success along the album, but even with all those riches and glory, they keep reiterating that they simply love music. And given with all the music they've even gifted to their fans, the genuine interactions and messages, it's a simple yet very endearing truth. Many of the songs chosen for this album also show it, for they're not all the most popular tracks but rather they complement their "Proof". This is album that encompasses a little bit of every step in BTS's history, as well as a determined statement to wait for what's "Yet to Come". I hope others get to enjoy this album as much as I did, because with each new listen, you can even discover something new.
A great body of work that encompasses 9 years worth of hits and superb b-sides. This anthology really does take you on a journey of BTS’ artistic and personal growth. CD #3 is worth the money because not only are the demos well-structured even though they didn’t make it as the official final “product,” they really give you more of an insight on BTS’ creativity and music versatility.
This anthology album has once again proven that BTS are the best Korean Artist and Worldwide artist in the world. Nobody else can compare to them. Congratulations BTS for once again saving the music industry
Beautiful album with their best hits! I love the sincerity in the lyrics, their voices and the messages and effort behind every track. It's a great album to look at Bangtan boys ( BTS ) from their start to where they are right now.
Listening to proof in order is such a journey , an anthology album that takes us on a journey of their growth and opening doors to new beginnings. THEIR LEGACY UNDISPUTED !!!!
After the well deserved international success of Dynamite and Butter, PROOF is the perfect album to guide all the new listeners into their older and deeper material. Perfectly thought and executed. They’re not the biggest name right now for no reason.
The best album o the year, I could´n chose a best album to have from the band. Definitly a new chapter !
BTS siempre ha sido una pieza maestra difícil de explicar. No hay palabras que puedan abarcar todo lo que estos siete increíbles artistas han logrado a lo largo de su carrera. Pero sin duda hicieron lo que muchos creían imposible; romper las barreras y prejuicios que existen entre culturas, géneros y edades, en base a la música y quien la escucha. A través de los años esta agrupación ha creado una nueva experiencia en donde todos son bienvenidos. En la mayoría de los casos se encuentran involucrados dentro del proceso creativo como compositores, productores y demás. Donde además de explorar diferentes géneros, poseen un rango de tonalidades diferentes, por medio de las cuales expresan a la perfección el dilema que representa el crecer; todos los conflictos a los que nos tenemos que enfrentar tarde o temprano y como superar cada oportunidad o tropiezo que nos arroja la vida. No hay mejor forma de explorar música nueva, que el hacerlo con la mente abierta. Y eso es a lo que este álbum invita. Puede que existan diferentes opiniones al respecto, pero es innegable el talento y esfuerzo que BTS tiene en la interpretación de su arte, que además se complementa a la perfección con coreografías y conceptos de diseño elaborados, dándole incluso más detalles a todo aquel que quiera escucharlos. Es musica sofisticada y en este punto creo que todos deberían estar dispuestos a tener una opinión más objetiva. Proof es la ingeniosa respuesta a años de trabajo y un regalo para todos.
WONDERFUL!!!! It's really interesting to see BTS' trajectory from this perspective.
BTS never disappoints. As a fan since 2019, i couldn't be prouder of theses boys for achieving so much in their lives with good music
What a journey these 9 years have been, even frequently listening to the older songs, its still refreshing to hear in this anthology
El álbum es muy bueno, si eres nuevo escuchando a BTS puedes darte cuenta de quienes son como grupo (aunque el disco 1 sea sus TT y aunque no trae algunos de sus Bside que me gustan, te das cuenta de lo variado que es su rango, y no solo el sonido de Dynamite que por el qué son conocidos), en disco 2 se ve reflejado como son como individuos y subunidades, tanto en sonido como en gusto personal de cada miembro. Cómo siempre es una delicia escuchar sus discos de principio a fin ya que vas viajando en la historia que quieren contar (en ese caso su viaje de los últimos 9 años). Son de los pocos artistas que te cuentan una historia Destro de sus discos y no solo ponen canciones al azar o éxitos virales como hoy en día.Las canciones nuevas Yet to come es una canción que no refleja el viejo BTS y si más el más reciente ya que es una combinación de Spring Day y y Life goes 9n. RUN BTS refleja eso que me ha cautivado de BTS como grupo y que es la versatilidad en su sonido ya que tiene ese toque rock que realmente no esperas escuchar en un grupo además de que lo variado en sus tonos vocales y que se amalgama tan bien es una delicia auditiva fascinante. For youth también fue una sorpresa auditiva ya que me sorprendió nuevamente la versatilidad en sus tonos de voz. En fin PROOF ya sea que lo escuches completo (en orden o aleatorio) o solo algunas siempre vas a encontrar una canción que te va a fascinar.
An amazing reflection of BTS’ past nine years. Through the peaceful, hopeful Yet to come, energic Run BTS and ofc our long missed Born singer. Amazing to see their work in demos and old unreleased songs as well, showing us their “raw” side!
Listening to the album from begin to end and realizing how much they grew up in the past 9 years made me so emotional.
For a group to be able to make an anthological album it really needs to have a giant baggage and the BTS has demonstrated that it possesses this. The album as a whole is a chronological journey through the achievements of his career, with all the songs connecting and telling an intimate story of everything that has happened to this day. And obviously the new songs do not leave much to be desired, replaying old styles and giving a unique touch to the so peculiar style of the group.
Très bon album qui contient le premier chapitre de la carrière de BTS. Trois nouvelles chansons qui définissent BTS. Émotion, joie et fierté tout y est.
A cultural reset.A masterpiece.Must be in a museum.It really healed my soul!
Amazing album!! It shows their whole story and how they never run from their roots! Especially the song "run bts" oh my god!!! They always innovate!
The best! Its an antology album with 4 news songs. The title exactly describes the vibe of an anthology album_specifically, it relates very well to all eras of BTS. It's an intimate song, more for the fans or just like the album.It's the same with "For Youth" and "Born Singer"."Run BTS" has the same feel as the songs on the earlier albums (like Dark and Wild). It conveys a message to the industry that snubbed them.And those haters who came only to give a bad score need a job.
Álbum antológico que causa sentimento nostálgico da carreira do BTS, com letras bem construídas que conta a história do grupo e sobre seus fãs
greatest album of the greatest discography this just says how good they are also run bts is the best song in the history of music
The track Run bts is amazing, so catch, I want to listen to it on repeat all day. All the bts songs are special and carry a story.
the most perfect album I've ever heard in my entire life, bts always delivers impeccable work
The album beautifully shows the musical journey of BTS for the last nine years. The song selection reflects the milestones the group achieved over the years. Each and every song has a special meaning both for the members of BTS and for us, their fans. The demos are a great surprise and are probably my favourite part of the album. Yet to come is an emotional conclusion to the "youth" era and an optimistic look at the, hopefully more mature, future. We had so many incredible moments in the past but our best moments are yet to come.
It's an anthology that means a lot to BTS and their ARMY. It represents the long journey of BTS' songs and passion. Throughout various genres of songs and languages, BTS has shown their dreams and achievements though this album. It's worth checking out their main title songs from each era, their personal picks and exclusive releases that represent these feelings after these 9 years.
The best of the best, the one and only BTS, always with talent and kindness
Álbum perfeito com significado especial em todos os seus sentidos, um álbum que mesmo você não conhecendo eles desde do inicio quando você ouve e acaba percebendo toda a sua história do seu inicio até o momento atual e ainda tendo mais coisas vindo aí
Incredible album. BTS has the most amazing discography. No skips to be found. If you're a newer fan that doesn't know where to start this album is a great place to begin your journey
Bts PROOF is well-worth your time. The group takes you through a journey of their past 9 years as a pop force- from their humble beginnings with their debut tracks to the huge hot 100 #1 song Dynamite that cemented their US takeover. Plus new songs and a cd of their remixes and demos that help narrate their hopes for their future career and tell the story of the hard work that has taken them further than any other Korean act. It’s a great album especially if you’ve ever wondered who these guys are and how they made their way to the top.
São nove anos de história dentro deste magnífico álbum! BTS nos mostra o quanto sua carreira foi e é impecável, a discografia extremamente coerente ao mesmo tempo em que percebemos que em nenhum momento algum estilo ou conceito é repetitivo! Eles são os maiores e esse álbum prova isso.
BTS proved once again that they're really the best. Yet To Come, a powerful and emotional anthem, Run BTS(MAKE IT THE NEXT SINGLE BANGTAN BOYS), For Youth, my precious rnb queen, Born Singer, the remastered version, added with their current adlibs, and their raw and marvellous demos and all of their previous hits. This album is the proof of their 9 years hardwork and struggles. They have never stopped and will never stop!
the album is honestly the best~ i wanna hear the next~ this is just some song lyrics pun that i can think of at 3:33 am.
I have nothing negative to say about this album, as is always the case when it comes to BTS. The journey they take us on starting off with "Born Singer" and ending with "Yet to Come" is an emotional one. The listener can hear their growth with every track and it's incredibly meaningful to have all of their eras in one special album. The concept of an anthology is perfect for BTS and they've blown me away not only with their thoughtfulness but with their dedication and hard work. If it wasn't obvious already, BTS truly has a love for their art and their craft like no other. Whenever people ask, "why BTS," I will gladly refer them to this album.
Emocionante sentir a evolução dos meninos. Run BTS é incrível, dá para sentir o quão ciente eles estão da jornada árdua que percorreram, bem pessoal, mas sem perder a musicalidade.
Ouvir esse álbum inteiro é como ter uma noção real da rica e incrível trajetória do BTS do debut até aqui. Eu fiquei muito emocionada ouvindo.
This is by far my FAV album so far.. their debut songs included like??!?? what can I ask for more??? it's a box of nostalgic memories.. feels like I've been with BTS from the start of their career even though I found them only in 2018. I really wish bts the best of the best!
This is the PROOF of BTS that records all their title tracks since debut, favourite songs handpicked by members, previously unreleased demos and 4 new songs. If you didn’t know BTS before, this album will make sure you know why they’re at the top of the music industry by the end of it.
Proof is a beautifully crafted history of BTS from their humble beginnings to now. The highlight track for me is Run BTS. I can’t stop playing it! Try also playing it right before or after Cypher 3 and it’s basically a chef’s kiss
Proof is a compilation of BTS' discography which narrates their musical journey and growth. Listeners will be able to experience the variety of genres BTS can offer. 9 years of history in 1 incomparable album.
This album is a great way for the ones who want to dive into what BTS discography has to offer and it’s diversity. A history of 9 years, this album ends the 1st chapter and welcomes us and BTS into the 2md chapter. Can’t wait for more 9 years full of love, great music and happiness
Great album. I really like it and all the songs are amazing. I recommend it a lot.
Álbum completamente perfeito, transmite muitas emoções diferentes em pouco tempo
This is the best way to show their amazing discograpy to new listeners, It has been 5 years since I became their fan and It was a joyful journey for me, I hope they continue to make music and help people
This is an absolutely amazing album. A great lookback on their amazing catalogue.
An absolutely amazing album!! i love it very much! BTS never disappoints!!!
Poucos podem dizer que suas discografias só homonias e coesas, mesmo com a diferença e estilo musical destoando sempre em cada CD. E em PROOF, o bts prova ao mundo que nao não podem reunir sua diferença em um antológico conto cheio de história por nove anos, quanto podem continuar escrevendo em 4 inéditas a diferença do porque os fazem ser os donos da indústria. PROOF é definitivamente a prova de que não há nenhum estilo, não há nada que o BTS nao possa fazer com excelência.
Every tongue that raise against bts and army shall fall. Everyone that wish on bangtan's dawnfall shall face double the negativity on themself and Flop for life. Amen.
Um álbum que poucos podem fazer! Contam a história de todos os 9 anos de uma carreira cheia de lutas contra preconceito dentro e fora do país em que vivem! BTS Luta desde o debut dentro do seu país contra um sistema que só beneficia quem já nasceu em berço de ouro e fora de seu país lutam contra o preconceito linguístico! Mas a linguagem da música não é universal?! Lindo slogan, porém uma grande mentira contada pra camuflar a xenofobia que ainda em 2022, num mundo globalizado ainda existe! Por isso, recomendo que escutem e procurem as traduções de suas músicas! Procurem entender a história deles antes de julga-los apenas como apenas uma boyband! Eles escrevem e produzem suas músicas! São letristas incríveis! Sempre falando das frustrações e preocupações que os acompanham durante esses 9 anos de história! De No More Dream a Yet to Come, percebe-se como os problemas da juventude e da vida adulta mudaram, nota-se o amadurecimento de artistas que já estão juntos há mais de 10 anos e nessa luta diária há 9anos! Parabéns BTS por serem únicos e donos desse lindo álbum antológico PROOF! Merecem o mundo!
This anthology basically sums up the whole 9 year journey of the group. The order of the songs in this antohology album was from their debut up to their newest songs and whats great about this is they included the demos which are exclusive in the DVDs only. We get to hear their story from the start until now through this album so I'm just so touched and happy by this.
This album is a great way to view BTS' musical journey even if you haven't been there alongside them since the beginning. The new tracks show the growth, and love that BTS have for each and their fans. Through the emotional tracks of For Youth, and Yet to Come, and the upbeat hip-hop track RUN BTS it really showcases BTS' artistry and lyricism in a way that fans and non-fans can appreciate.
Simply the best album in the Korean industry, a memorable anthology album. bts every comeback stands out. thanks guys of bts for this perfect album
Talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it in a blender, s— on it, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it.
The anticipated anthology album which brings both old and new tracks to listen is something to listen and look back upon. While there are many taste to listen with previous old tracks that are done since the beginning with "No More Dream" to the new release lead single "Yet to Come" (The Most Beautiful Moment)is a meaningful experience to listen and especially long time fans of the band. There are are three new tracks along with Born Singer which is now available on streaming platforms while also offering a few demos within the physical album to listen.
proof is a throwback of bts history, is too good because of that. it shows the love they have for army
This album made kpoppies mad and threatened, my cup of tea. This album is a MASTERPIECE showing how diverse BTS discography is.
The album infact is a "Proof" as to why their discography is immaculate. No one is doing it like them. The new releases along with their old ones , this album really feels like a peek into their journey as artists who have achieved so much and keep on doing so. Truly this is just the beginning, the best is yet to come.
Como esperado do BTS, a antologia consegue rememorar toda história do grupo, aquecendo o coração dos armys que já estão a tempos com eles ao nessa jornada, enquanto, oferece um ótimo ponto de partida para aqueles que se interessaram recentemente pelo trabalho do grupo e estavam perdidos diante de tantas eram para consumir. Indo além das músicas antigas, as três músicas inéditas somadas a tão guardada adição de Born Singer, oferecem uma síntese maravilhosa da energia e alma do grupo. O equilíbrio perfeito com uma balada sobre o passado, presente e futuro, uma música animada que passa a mensagem para todos que escutarem e uma música tocante para o amado army.Minha música favorita, assim como do fandom inteiro, é Run BTS. Ela conseguiu transmitir uma energia única e extremamente empolgante, que entrega tudo que o army ansiava.
This álbum its a masterpiece, its perfect, album of the year, i love everything about this album
O clima de nostalgia e esperança feitos de forma brilhante, vocais, rap e letra absolutamente impecáveis. BTS fala em Yet to come que o melhor estar por vir e baseado nesse álbum eu tenho certeza que sim.
O Álbum e maravilhoso, contém a história e parte da trajetória do grupo
This album reflects their past, their entire history. The perfect anthology that shows their growth, it's a masterpiece.
This album it’s a end of an era! BTS is really good in be unpredictable! I love the way the are saying by to the past and welcome the future it’s inteligente. This album shows their maturity really well it’s amazing seeing how they still the same but matured when comes to music.
So much Perfect! It’s all I have to say, haven’t any other word I can use to describe this album!
An amazing album who tells the history of the group since the beginning!! It’s amazing see the arrangements and how they improve with they music.
One of BTS's most personal and mature albums. Demonstrating a ten-year career with such a great diversity of rhythms, styles, songs and poetry is something reserved for people with a real artistic sense and they are real artists. Proof is THE proof.
The Proof album has incredible dynamics. The old songs are beautiful and I loved relieving them. The three unreleased songs are passionate and addictive. BTS was flawless on this anthology album
i loved all the new proof songs, bts once again delivered perfection in album form and i love them so much
amazing like the history of bangtan, any song is like other, showing they are really and talent artist since the beginning ♡ thanks bangtan sonyendan
BTS Proof é a história do BTS. 9 anos de história. Seu capítulo 1. Desde No More Dream à Yet To Come. Solos e b-sides marcantes para eles. Músicas descartadas e demos criadas por eles mesmos. Proof mostra como o BTS subiu a mão montanha para o sucesso de mãos dadas com o ARMY e de forma orgânica. Proof é a prova de que o BTS fez história. Eles são a história. We are bulletproof.
Um álbum que conta a história de toda uma trajetória, alémt ótimos arranjos e vocais que encantam quem ouve.
With each new BTS song they manage to outdo themselves, always presenting us with music of extreme quality and Proof would be no different, we can feel new colors and new tastes with the new tracks and have the nostalgia of the old ones too. I'm proud of their work and who they've become.
incredibly perfect and exciting album, it remembers the successful career of bts is an honor, for those who still don't know or appreciate it, I highly recommend it, it's worth every second. Perfect
O BTS nunca desaponta. Com apenas 3 músicas novas eles conseguiram nós levar ao extremo da nostalgia, gratidão e ecstase. As demos são outro ponto alto do álbum, é impossível não sentir o quanto eles se entregam no processo criativo de suas músicas refinando cada vez. Mais até atingir o máximo em perfeição. Como sempre, o BTS merece 10000!!!
Proof contém todas as músicas mais importante da carreira do BTS assim com faixas inéditas e versões demo de grandes sucessos deles. Todo o álbum chama muita atenção e está perfeito. Minha faixa nova favorita é Run BTS. Recomendo demais escutar o 3 cds e se perder nas batidas e letras perfeitas desse grupo maravilhoso.
This album is a beautiful summary of the entire history of BTS, showing very well who they are and where they came from. It's an album for the fans, but it's also an album for those who want to start really understanding them.
O álbum mostra um pouco da vasta discografia do BTS e o quanto eles são versáteis.As músicas inéditas trazem um pouco do que está por vir no próximo capítulo da carreira deles.Excelente para quem quer começar a conhecer o trabalho deles e não sabe por o de começar.Para tradução das letras recomendo o blog da doolset lyrics que faz um ótimo trabalho em explicar o jogo de palavras e conceitos por traz das músicas do BTS
The experience of listening to their old songs along with the new ones was amazing. Amazing anthology
não tem defeitos é impecável, quem já conhecia sua discografia antiga entra em um estado de nostalgia boa, quem ainda não conhecia pode ouvir em alto e bom som a essência do BTS e as músicas inéditas são um verdadeiro presente.
Esse álbum não tem defeitos. As três novas faixas sao de tirar o chapéu. A rap line, como sempre, entregou versos com significados profundos e flow impecável. As vozes da vocal line em For Youth e Yet to Come são doces, angelicais, enquanto em Run BTS são agudas e marcantes. Como sempre o BTS acertou em cheio. Uma pena o terceiro CD não estar disponível no spotify porque todos deveriam escutar aquelas obras de arte!
Such an amazing albumThank you BTS for sharing this beautiful work of art with all of us
This album is amazing, is an Anthology, perfect to get into BTS' discography and understand why ARMY loves them. If you listen BTS' music with no prejudices, it will like it.
A tribute to their 9 year journey together, BTS is providing Proof as to why they’re the biggest group in the world.This anthology starts from their roots with a cover of J. Cole’s “Born Sinner”. “Born Singer” is a raw look into the seven young men who were just beginning their journey. From there, CD 1 runs through all of their title tracks/lead singles, finishing with Yet To Come. Yet To Come puts emphasis on these men closing the chapter on their youth and the first part of their musical journey.CD 2 begins with Run BTS (not to be confused with the variety show of the same name). Run BTS is a hip-hop track that lives up to its name. BTS has never stopped running. It then flows into deep cuts chosen by each of the members that show the immense diversity their discography offers.CD 3 (CD only) is laden with demos and unreleased tracks. This look into their process of making a song is cool. You get the honey vocals of j-hope on the DNA demo (more please!), the Agust D track Tony Montana featuring Jimin, and an acapella version of Still With You (Jungkook is a siren. You can’t convince me he’s not) before finishing up with For Youth (the only CD 3 song available digitally).This anthology tidily wraps up the first 9 years of their career. I am eagerly anticipating what comes next, because the best is truly yet to come.
This album shows the extensive career and growth of the group BTS. Demonstrating "proof" of their journey and cementing their place in the music industry as hit makers. The wide range of genres and styles demonstrate their versitility. I would rarely rate things as a 10, but the 3rd disc demos and extras package- giving a sneak peek into their process is truly special. To score under an 8 would be disingenuous.
The anthology is really a firm proof of BTS' excellent musical catalogue. This is a special collection of brilliant pieces that goes through the years representing different eras and a variety of genres that are core for BTS and their musical diversity and excellence.
Listen to this album if you want to know who BTS is and their journey as musicians for 9 years. Truly an excellent album.
This album is nearly 10 years worth of music displaying the growth of the artists. It shows diversity in genres and skill. Many of these songs have helped to heal broken people or just brighten people's lives. This album is the epitome of the phrase "music soothes the soul".
This album is a surprise that we knew was coming. From the older songs’ placements to the new songs that tie the album together, this is Proof that their path was excavated and paved by them.
This album is the perfect bridge between what BTS has done and what they'll do in the future. The title track, Yet To Come, is a love song to their career up until now that looks toward what's next. To hear the growth BTS had over the years is wonderful and the new songs really add to the overall listening experience. I recommend if you've just started discovering them.
thanks bts for such masterpiece; i got truly emotional while listening to it, a whole trajectory from the bottom to the top, and the guys still the same; i’m so proud of bts, i’m honored to be part of their army
Filled with their greatest hits, previously unreleased demos and classics to be like Yet to Come, Run BTS & For Youth
My only question here is, why it’s not RUN BTS the title track? I know Yet To Come is supposed to be the lead single & holds a lot of meaning & it’s the culmination of all of the beautiful discography that encapsulates PROOF but that’s a banger…. It’s so energetic, I’m in love with it. For Youth is also so incredibly written & beautifully sang, I listen to it nostalgically! I love the addition of Born Singer, it’s such an important song for both ARMY & BTS, so happy we have it on Spotify now. As for the rest of the songs I’d need days of explaining how beautiful & thought out each of these songs are. 3rd disk in the album…. Wow it’s amazing, the DNA Hobi version left me speechless, they’re all so good, I highly recommend these demos to see the music capacity BTS holds.
As a BTS fan from 4+ years, this album made me so emotional. Not just the tracks but the flow from one to another is so perfectly curated to give a nostalgic feeling about their entire journey as artists. A masterpiece on the whole
This is THE BEST ALBUM released in 2022 so far! The old songs are really good, but the 4 new songs? UNMATCHED. YES YES, there are only 3 new songs technically, but Born Singer is a song that's new to non-ARMYs BUT SHOULD DEF BE LISTENED TO AS WELL!! Unless you like missing out on something great, then that's on you. Yet To Come, the title track, is so awesome I'm in tears whenever I listen to it. But to be very honest? Run BTS is my personal favorite. That song is lit
talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before!
This album is so amazing, tells BTS 9 years journay in a beautiful way! I cant stop listening all songs!
BTS always comes back with amazing music and this time is no different! "Yet To Come" is a declaration is that they are here to stay for a very long time! Their 9 years of amazing career is just the beginning! "Run BTS" is an absolute banger that's quintessential Bangtan spitting bars on the face of haters and "For Youth" is an ARMY tribute anthem! Even their demos in CD 3 is better than most! This is why BTS is BTS! Haters can hate! But they will never can touch BTS!
Um álbum antológico contanto toda a história de batalha, superação e sucesso do BTS, uma verdadeira obra de arte.
Simply a magnificent anthology, it brings together the biggest hits of the last 9 years of the group. Right in the first song "Born Singer" shows the importance of this album, and that yes they were born to be singers. The choice of each track on the album has a special value for members and fans alike.
o melhor álbum antológico que já escutei na vida por conta da diversidade de melodias, letras, combinações de notas e entre outros fatores. O BTS tem uma discografia incrível e muito diversificada, por esse motivo acredito que esse álbum tenha ficado tão bom.
Proof is an masterpiece. It takes you on BTS journey from the beginning to their present selves. This album reminds me why I can relate & respect them and why I fell in love with their music & craft. Chapter 1 has closed & the next chapter will take us to new heights
BTS are LEGENDS and PROOF is literally the best proof of it
Amazing album, I love it. Touch my soul. I love Run BTS, it's my favorite song of the album.
Amazing how everything from BTS is just perfect, this album is so badass. These are songs so deep and so meaningful
BTS anthology album title track is how they wrap up their Chapter 1 (9years), the used to be underdog artist just run and run to deliver their message/lyric despite all the mock and hate...their music genre is so vast that it goes from hiphop/rap, pop, rock, R&B, disco, ballad, EDM. No wonder they are still one of the many artist that sell out albums during this digital era.
Esse álbum é perfeito, contando a história do Bangtan do começo até o momento atual. As demos ?? O que falar, apenas maravilhosas. E as novas músicas cativam cada uma em sua individualidade. As música antigas são perfeitas para mostrar a essência do BTS, que é ser um grupo versátil que não para de inovar. Run bulletproof run
Amazing, it is a great way to resume BTS musical history, you can see their musical evolution and changes. You are able to see multiple parts of BTS discography, see their lyricism getting better and you still can see a hide part of their production in Cd3, a way fo show the process and show hide details non seen before
O álbum ficou extremamente tocante, como era a intenção deles passar por todas as fazes de sua carreira e mostrar o quanto eles amadureceram e cresceram com sua música!
As três novas faixas são de tirar o fôlego. A rap line, como sempre, entregou versos com significados profundos e flow impecável. As vozes da vocal line em For Youth e Yet to Come são doces, angelicais, enquanto em Run BTS são agudas e marcantes. Como sempre o BTS acertou em cheio. Uma pena o terceiro CD não estar disponível no spotify porque todos deveriam escutar aquelas obras de arte!
This album just proves why they deserve being at the top. This album bought me back to their beginning, walk me through their history, their growth, on how they got to where they are right now and shown me the future they look forward to as musicians. My favorite new song in the album is Run BTS
This album is their legacy,this shows why they are superstars,why they were destined for greatness..THE BEST IS YET TO COME
This anthology album is amazing! It shows how good BTS discography is including ollder gems! All 7 members are so talented! True artists!
This album is a proof of their love for the music. Best album of 2022 so far
A truly masterpiece. I’m so I’m love with this album. I can see their growth, their evolution…I’m so proud of them
Takes long-time fans a trip down memory lane with title tracks from each era and choice hits. Proof also showcases the variety of BTS discography when it comes to genre; there is something for everyone, something fresh every time. It's clear that there was a lot of thought of which songs to add into the album because there are so much great songs to choose from but here we can see the songs that BTS feels represent them the most. Yet To Come is the perfect title track to tie it together, with them recalling the journey and taking our hands as we walk forward and discover what lies ahead and see the most beautiful moment that is yet to come. The new B-sides, Run BTS and For Youth, are for a whole other spiel as they are both simply amazing in their own ways. An added bonus, for those who had purchased the physical copy, would be the demos which are very interesting to hear and know about. Such a great album that I could recommend for veteran ARMYs to casual listeners alike!
Diverse songs and a beautiful experiente for ARMY, the best of 2022 so far, love this
Sentimental, nostalgic and reflective album perfect for any time of the day
Esse com certeza é o melhor álbum que o BTS pode trazer para nós, contendo todos os seus maiores sucessos durante estes 9 anos de carreira, juntamente com músicas que eles mais se identificam e também não poderia ficar de fora o presente que eles entregam aos seus adoráveis ARMYs,tudo tão perfeito
This álbum is such a cultural reset, boys made us feel nostalgic by imerging in their past jobs. Me as a fan just love It
The album is a combination of several important songs throughout the BTS career, which makes it probably one of their best albums. The three/four new songs show even more that this is true.
This album is so good!Not everyone has the same power to create this kind of album.
album que recoge sus mayores éxitos como a la vez canciones con un gran significado, calidad muy alta en lo musical
Amazing songs. I'm in love with the album . The lyrics are so meaningful. Thanku BTS
Melhor álbum do ano, bts como sempre trazendo amor, carinho para os army’s e dando aos haters o que eles merecem
It excelled all my expectations. I was very happy and excited to listen to the 4 new tracks. Yet again BTS never fails to produce excellent songs!!
Bangtan siempre dando la talla desde su debut hasta ahora, este álbum es excelente.
If you're still wondering why on the earth is this Asian band is famous, its your cue to get this and give it a listen.
This album might have 3/4 new songs but its still great And i also appreciate the fact that they added their demos
amazing anthology album! got a lot of people scared because of how successful it already is
This album goes to show why they are the superstars.An intimate album that takes you through their evolution.It shows how diverse they are.And the cd3 is just raw and personal.It shows how confident they are with their craft.
CAUSE I I IM THE STARS TONIGHT SO WATCH ME BRING THE FIRE SET THE MIGHt ALIGHT RIDINT THROUGHT THE CITY WITH A LITTLE FUNKY SOUNT PSULR IMMA LIGHT IT UP LIKE DYANIMITW!!!!!!!!!!!
A well rounded and in depth explanation of the past 9 years including all the classic most iconic huts, and several new tracks to enjoy.
they have done it again
its a very nostalgic album. The 3 new songs are absolutely different, of totally contrasting emotions. Love how they start the album and end it. They've done it very well. They're exceptional artists !
Best album, listening to it is like entering paradise. But what else to expect from BTS? They're the whole kpop industry, the only thing that still keeps it relevant.
The album is a perfect end to the chapter 1 of BTS' career, looking back at their musical journey and assuring fans that the best is yet to come. It's been only 2 days but I'm obsessed with Run BTS - perfect song to add to your playlist.
I love Ballad and yet to come was ballad. I'm so happy for that. Reflection to their 9 years career is literally precious thing. Run BTS made me amaze. Give me Rock bangtan vibe. For Youth is really beautiful
A perfect guide for new armys and one of the best anthology albums of all time, it tells BTS' story from the very start i can't stop listening to it, it makes me emotional remembering every track and it's time, also 3 new songs that also talking on BTS and their history with soft songs hip-hop and ballad it's defending the best
this album offers you great songs from almost every genre if you never listened to bts before. You'll fall in love with their artistry also check out the lyrics they are great
Best album. A refreshing album that takes you to the most beautiful moment of your life. With this album we get to know the musical trajectory of the South Korean group BTS. Where they take us from the past to the present.
The best IS yet to come. They keep raising the bar. Love the album. The composition, lyrics, vocals- from the beginning through the 9 years of their history. Will be interesting to see their continued growth as they are on a path to continually improving (and that must be a challenge because they’re already so far ahead). Talent across the board. They obviously love music, and expressing themselves in their next chapter should be a brilliant thing to watch unfold. Looking forward to it!
Fantastic Anthology album with the addition of 3 brand new songs that if you have been a fan will bring you through your emotions. Yet to come brings us through their journey of artists with the promise of more to see in the future, followed by getting hyped up by run BTS to bring your right back into your feels with For Youth. Happy ARMY over here!
I've got PROOF blasting on my Bluetooth speaker.I'm dancing around my house - nothing is betterthan BTS music on blast in my car, house foron my earbuds as I go about my day. BTS is thesoundtrack for my LIFE!PROOF is a perfect stroll through their past 9years with us. Plus the new songs. Plus theunreleased demos!!! ~ I'm all in my feels nowlistening to Yet to Come!
BTS has been gaining a slew of new fans from the smashing success of Dynamite and Butter, and this album is a great opening to discover the wide and versatile discography of today's biggest boy band. It's also an album that carries the roots of the group that was criticized for being "losing the essence" after two smash hits in English, Proof shows how BTS started and proves that they deserve to be at the top for their incredible talent, effort and versatility.
this album is truly PROOF of how BTS got to where they are now and why they are beloved by so many.
If you want quality music , then this album is for you . Now I know why they r the biggest band in the world . It's really their PROOF of hardwork and sheer talent , their love for music and their fans . It's too good to be true !
The album is so good ,run bts is my drug from now on. Bts always leave me surprised by their skills
The title song Yet To Come perfectly sums up their musical journey of 9 years, released just days before their 9th anniversary. Run BTS is a great song too, the lyrics, rap the vocals are all extremely well arranged. For youth is a fan song, it starts off with fanchants from their concert. Overall, this album was a great way for them to show their music catalogue, full with demos and unreleased songs.
Let's be honest, this was one of the best decisions that BTS has ever made to release an anthology album after 2 years with no album. And the reason why I say it's great is that over the time, especially after the Dynamite era, BTS fandom has grown so much and since BTS have been releasing English singles (which was a MOMENT) that just made people go "I miss their old songs :( blah blah blah" so this is a great opportunity for the people who miss their "OLD SONGS" to stream them cause they're in their new album, so they SHOULD STREAM THOSE OLD SONGS to all their heart's content :). And also it's good for their new fans who couldn't be bothered listening to their previous discography, now they can listen to their old discography from their new album AS THEY SHOULD :). On their new album, they have three new tracks which are 'Yet To Come', 'Run BTS' and also 'For Youth'. They also include their old songs, including their title tracks (CD 1), their tracks of choice which are one solo song and one unit song (CD 2), and also some of their demos, two unreleased songs, one unit song from August D mixtape which is Tony Montana ft. Jimin, and Still With You Acapella which is jungkook's solo song from 2020 Festa (only available on CD 3). Their title track for this album is Yet To Come which got me crying for 2 days straight because, I don't know about you, but I've been an ARMY for 7 years now and watching Yet To Come MV makes me feel like we grew up together because that MV contain their memories from their old MV's or clips and it warms my heart knowing that this MV is not just about remembering the good old days but also reassuring us that this is not the end and they're just going to move on to another chapter because their first chapter is already ended. And for me, the person who wanted to support them forever, I needed that reassurance. And their second new track was Run BTS, which is my favorite track so far, is full of the lyrics that some people think are cocky and cringe. Well, I'm here to tell them that they're wrong because, the lyrics on this particular track I think were immaculate because they're just basically saying , "hey, we're still together after 10 years and we're not going anywhere, we have good teams, we got good music, we still carrying the music industry, and will always be". If that sounds cocky to you well I don't know, but to me, that sounds like proud. Some of the lyrics also mention their hardship before their debut and the early years after they debuted. They also emphasize that the reason why they have the success and why they still going until now is because they keep running and just run, no matter what comes after or before them. One of my favorite lyrics is tae's part which is 'if we live fast, let us die young' cuz I think it was such a powerful sentence, I mean if you call that cocky then...idk. The third track which is For Youth probably one of the most emotional tracks so far because, at the beginning of the song they include a snippet of BTS and ARMY singing Epilogue: Young Forever together, and when the song started, I was bawling because get this, I don't know about other fandom or idols, but BTS and their fans have this very strong connection with each other because they trust and love each other so much that I felt like they were in " I love you" " no, I love you more" "no, I love you more" type of relationship (which is goals btw) and this song just pretty much expressed what they felt towards their fans and one of the lyrics from the first verse was "Whеn I just looked backAfter many seasonsYou always hеre with us togetherAnd every second was forever, oh" and if those lyrics alone don't scream love, then I don't know what is. It was basically like a love letter towards their members and ARMY, which I think explains why that song was very emotional. And they ended the song with "I'll be with youFor the rest of my life" Yeah, I almost fell on the floor crying after that. I could go on for hours explaining the whole album and the tracks one by one but I'm just going to end it here and STREAM PROOF BY BTS FOR CLEAR SKIN because this album is very special to them as well as for us and tomorrow is their 10th anniversary, so that makes this album way more special because it was released 3 days before their anniversary. And for those of you who are looking for new music, new flavor, please make sure to check out Proof by BTS and you will not regret a single thing because the whole album is A WHOLE BUFFET of different flavors.
Proof is an art. Its story of BTS. Proof show us how much they grow up. Their struggle, happy time with army. Their music, love, support in proof. It's the best best best album. The most best beautiful album we ever get.
Proof is such a great album. We get to go through all the iconic songs they have released in the past 9 years with the scent of 3 new and mind blowing songs. also did I mention the demo versions of their old acclaimed songs in cd 3? Its such a great experience to see our fav artist letting us listen to the demos and letting us have a glimpse in the music making experience. Like Its such an phenomenal album. They proved yet again that they are such talented artists with the sense of great lyricism. BTS never disappoints and always give us such amazing songs with beautiful lyrics. I hope they continue with what they want to do and continue to be a group who will still be thriving even after their 30th anniversary with armys! And yes the best is yet to come!
Proof is a brilliant album showcasing the growth of BTS. With three new tracks and remaining tracks from their previous albums, BTS have shown once again their love for music and why their music resonates with so many people. There are also unreleased demos of songs which are a gift to the fans. Overall it's a wonderful celebration of their music and a promise that they will continue making great music in the future as well.
Amazing discography!! They definitely deserve their place at the top. I was particularly impressed by their older songs. So far Run BTS and Born singer are my favourites.
I love this Anthology album!!! What a great summary to BTS music career. They are so versatile with their genres and you can see it here in Proof. Obsessed with the new song Run BTS! Everyone should give this album a listen.
the title track yet to come is so soothing, it is giving spring day vibes. Run bts is a banger.. remind me of their hip-hop era. Born singer is a special song us all of us and for youth even have armys screaming at the beginning. A great masterpiece. Bts never disappoints
I had already loved all the older songs in the anthology, so it's not surprising that I thoroughly appreciated and enjoyed this album. The new tracks are very meaningful for both BTS and ARMY (the dedicated fanbase) and also just a lot of fun. Run, BTS is probably the most hype and fun out of the new songs, but the other songs (Yet to Come and For Youth) really hit home and was truly made for our mutual love and respect of each other. Born Singer has always had a special place for us, as the septet had put it out years ago on sound cloud and given us a few live performances. It's wonderful to finally be able to listen to it along with all of their album drops.
This album is such a great experience; a package full of great memories with new songs promising new future. BTS are entering a new phase & Proof is THE Proof of that.
People who only listened to their English songs this album is proof that they r beyond that . This album shows the art and passion of the band and also shows u their blood, sweat and tears from 2013 to 2022 . This album only contains masterpieces. If u listen without any prejudice you will like their music so much . And with this album they will end their chapter 1 with so many achievements and Remember Their best is yet to come !!
'Proof' by BTS is a beautifully crafted anthology album that includes some of BTS' best songs of all time. With 3 new songs, a remastered song from their rookie days that is finally officially released and 44 more tracks, the album is arguably one of the best albums in BTS' discography. The songs are a beautiful reminder of BTS' journey over a span of 9 years and released only a few days before their 9th debut anniversary makes it even more significant. It is a beautiful way of closing chapter 1 of their musical journey to move on to the next chapter of their music career. In short, this album is a beautiful reminder of who BTS are and where they came from, their growth over the years to become one of the biggest musical acts in the world currently, and a sure-shot assurance that their journey hasn't concluded yet and there's more amazing things that are Yet To Come. All in all, it's an album that will be hard-to-forget for both ARMYs and music fans who genuinely appreciate their artistry. In my personal opinion, it's one of the best albums I have ever listened to and I absolutely don't regret purchasing it.
Absolutely adored this album, it took me on such a special journey down memory lane! I love how not a single one of the tracks sound the same, they're all so unique and each demonstrates such a different aspect of BTS' incredible talent and artistry. Personal standout for me was Run BTS; the electric guitar, the raps, the vocals...it was AMAZING and definitely proved the range and versatility that BTS has. It's such a hype anthem and in my opinion, song of the year. Of course, I also absolutely adored Yet to Come and For Youth as well, they're such beautiful songs and I haven't stopped crying to them!! The way they encapsulate BTS' love for ARMY as well as their love for music, reassuring us that 'their moment is still yet to come,' makes these songs such a perfect ending to chapter one of their musical story (and makes me so excited for chapter two). Everything about this album encapsulates who BTS is at their core... and if you haven't listened I absolutely recommend that you do!
Really good ..........................love this album so much
bts does never disappoint me like this album is perfect !! and all new songs hit different , yet to come is so pure to hear
A great album that closes a chapter in their carreer and opens a lot of possibilities for the future. It's amazing to listen it from beginning to the end and see how much they've grown these past 9 years, I'm really curious to see where they're gonna go after this.
Proof is the first anthology album BTS releases in their 9 years career including 3 brand new tracks. First CD includes their past title tracks and explains how Korean band became the global phenomenon. Listeners can travel in time from their past to present from Born Singer to Yet To Come which are both excellent choices to start and finish the first CD pointing out BTS' past and future vision. Born Singer which uses J Cole's iconic Born Sinner song as sample brings soothing vocals and brilliant rap together confronts audience with members' concerns on their future, while Yet To Come focuses on a hopeful message for their future. Yet To Come which is the title song of the album definitely deserves its title role which show case members' versatility in singing and rapping, smoothly giving out the hopeful message for their future. CD 2 includes Run BTS which is already one of fans' favorite and also members' own choices (one solo and one unit song for each member). Members also explained why they choose these certain songs in short videos which again shows that they are top tier musician and have clear visions on their art. CD 3 includes unreleased songs and demos which can only be heard in physical CD as well as new fan son For Youth. For Youth uses instrumentals so well that you can almost feel yourself at a BTS concert enjoying the talent of the members. BTS cleverly uses the power of physical only releases to communicate with their fans, sharing their most vulnerable moments. Overall, I recommend this album to everyone, thinking that anyone can find something they'll enjoy. I conclude with saying BTS' best is yet to come.
An anthology album that has no skip A hit after hit They are insane for this Big applause for all of their hard work ♡
An amazing album that contains 9 years of musical history one of the biggest band in the world. A perfect gift for the fans and for those who are new to them, this album would be a perfect starting point. The new single Yet To Come made me cry and Run BTS is such a bop!
I already have several of these group albums and listened to most of the songs, except the 4 new ones and the 3rd cd with the unreleased demos ,what a fun and risky thing to do, I enjoyed that cause it makes me think about the whole process of creation of a song.This whole album is a journey along the career of these 7 young men. Most of the public only know the latest releases and this anthology album can make you discover the old songs and maybe, make you fall in love with their amazing discography.If you are new to this band , or simply want to know a bit more about them, for a very reasonable price you can access to a whole , non skip, treat.Enjoy it like I did
The songs in proof are amazing,one masterpiece after another , it tells their journey from their debut to until now and shows how much they grew , listen to born singer which is about their struggles after they debuted. In the title track yet to come, they tells about their love for music and they promise they will never stop making muisc which is source of comfort to millions . In the 2nd new track "our youth " which contains fanchant of their fandom ARMY , this song is for ARMYs ,it has the emotional message . Run BTS is a 3rd new song and this song is star for me. Like their previous releases , they never disappoint and I'm waiting forward what they've next which will be start of their chapter 2.
For someone who really admires BTS' discography, it's quite regretful sometimes that I couldn't be a part of their journey from the start. But PROOF is literally BTS giving an introduction to who they are and their journey, as artists, as a group and of their relationship with ARMYs, to the world in real time. This anthology album is the culmination of their 9 years worth of a flawless discography, containing hit after hit mega smash. This is a perfect starter for fans and ARMYs who wish to celebrate BTS or wish to join on in their journey for future endeavors!
time and time again have bts proved they are at the top of the music world! this album, named “PROOF” to my utter happiness, is beautifully created. despite being named proof this album is more directed towards their loyal, beautiful and diverse fanbase— ARMY. the proof that there is more ‘yet to come’!
An incredible 9 years. They’re getting better with each passing year too!
A true anthology charting an incredible musical journey across a decade. BTS’ discography feels like it should belong to a band at least 20yrs more experienced than they are. The breadth of genres, production innovation and lyrical subject matter make this album a must for any newbie looking to experience what wonders BTS has to offer. While created for the hardcore ARMY as thanks and a full-stop to their beginning chapter, Proof may well bring more recruits to the BTS cause than ever before.Listen to the songs in order to really grasp the evolution of BTS’ music and why they are the phenom we see today; the biggest global group and the first of their kind.BTS’ individual style, opinionated lyrics and non-conformist attitude originally caused struggle in their early years, especially in some parts of conservative South Korea - which you can hear the journey of in the repertoire - but ironically is the absolute foundation of their musicality and the reason for their rock-solid Korean & International fan base. In this case, not reading the translated lyrics is a crime because, unlike with a lot of their contemporaries, that’s the soul of the music.The new tracks included on the album, harken back to their earlier work, where hip-hop was their teacher.‘Yet To Come’ is a dreamy, mid-tempo hip-hop lead single expressing the band’s thankfulness for their success, particularly to their stalwart fans and the desire to fly even higher. Along with their traditional insistence that they measure their success by other means than industry metrics. The music video is possibly unfathomable to unfamiliar listeners, as it Easter eggs it’s way through 10yrs of their career and music videos.Run BTS is already the firm fan favourite. A filthy, hard-driving guitar rhythm with soaring vocals and growled bridges, the rappers also really get to show their versatility. With the name hearkening back not only to BTS’ own unique variety show, but also expressing their ‘bulletproof’ successful personas: A full-circle moment as their Korean name ‘Bangtan Sonyeondan’ (Bulletproof Boyscouts) was originally often derided and the band felt somewhat uncomfortable with it.For Youth is simply a heart-rending love letter for their inimitable fan base, ARMY, who also feature in the opening of the track as recorded from concerts. Lyrically it could be mistaken as a traditional love song for a romantic interest. However, the lyrics are packed with meaning for ARMY;“You’re the best friend for the rest of my life” opines Jungkook, a phrase he and the rest of the band have previously referenced.“When I look back after many seasons, you always here with us together, and every second was forever” say Jin and Jimin.The lead of CD One, while a tear-jerking fan-favourite, also almost counts as a new song; Born Singer; a re-imagining of J.Cole’s Born Sinner. Previously re-written and sung at live events in the very early days of BTS’ career, they didn’t have the pull to gain copyright and release it. These days? The original producers eagerly came onboard to kick-off the anthology.CD Three is not available to stream, only as physical copy. A treasure trove of previously unreleased demos and stage collabs, this is a music nerds dream cache. Trusting their unrefined, unreleased work to fans as a gift, it’s the easiest way to appreciate these young men’s raw talent and sheer joy in the musical process, in it’s purest form.Even if you’ve decided beyond doubt that you refuse to be a BTS fan, I challenge anyone to listen to all tracks and not find something that resonates. Versatility has been the name of the game for a decade and they won’t let you forget it.For their fans however, it’s simply a gift; wrapping up a years of treasured musical memories and mutual love. And promising at least a decade more.‘Proof’ stands on it’s own, without the need for over-zealous promotion and the usual tricks from record companies. As the saying goes, the ‘Proof’ really is in the pudding.
This is such a heartfelt album! People that just discovered BTS may have a hard time understanding Proof's importance, but it's still an enjoyable listen to newbies. It's really a sample of their eclectic and prolific discography. A guarantee that the listener will find at least one new favorite song in the experience.
It is such a brilliant idea to combine all of their journey into on album especially for a baby ARMY like me. It was awesome, the title track which reminiscences all of their journey literally left me in tears seeing their growth. And run bts was such fun song and for youth displays all the love they have for their fans ARMY. I loved this album so much.
BTS return with another yet masterpiece, this time an anthology album that shows their growth, their path from debut to their rise as one if not the biggest superstar in our days. The title track ‘Yet to come’ promises that they will return again and that ‘the best is what comes next’, while For Youth is an anthem to ARMY and expresses their sincere feelings towards us. Born Singer is a song that has received so much love since the first time BTS performed it live and it’s finally great to have the studio version of it, while Run BTS is one of the best songs they’ve ever made and has quickly climbed its way to my top favourites
An amazing walk down memory lane. A love letter to the fans. Interesting new content (demos, unreleased songs) and 3 absolute bops with totally different musical directions. Nostalgia in a box coupled with a great promise for the future. Run, bulletproof, run!
It's the best Album have ever made, it reflects so many things in it specially for new fans it's like experiencing all eras of BTS since starting. The way all Songs in CDs have arranged it's awesome, first CD have all title tracks, 2nd cd have songs choosen by BTS members which is their proof of inspiration. Every song have it's unique meaning, more than that these songs are complete healers ! New songs of album are so catchy just Like Yet to come is kinda healer song, Run BTS can make you dance at the first listen and for youth can make you cry so quickly cuz it's made for us ARMY. songs from 3rd cd are made so beautifully as it have BTS's unreleased songs and also demos. Overall it's the best anthology album i really loved it so much
Proof is such an absolutely well crafted anthology album. It truly represents BTS, their music, journey, values, achievements, struggles and hopes looking for a brighter future. BTS have considered their fans as pride, heaven and love. As someone who couldn't be with them since their debut this was a chance for me to experience it all over again. As they beautifully conclude the chapter 1 of their journey, Proof the perfect gift ARMYS.
A magnificent anthology album that describes very well their past, this group has an incredible discography and I enjoyed listening to this album a lot.Between the 3 new tracks, Run BTS may be my favorite the chorus is really catchy and the rap part are amazing.The beginning of For Youth is so emotional with the fans singing Young Forever. The lyrics of For Youth are so well written it’s just a beautiful song.And of course Yet To Come the lead single is a beautiful song. The promise of a new chapter is exciting and I can’t wait for what’s next for them.
A very good album..10 wont be enough for rating this..its worth the wait and worth the money..borahae
BTS' anthology is without a doubt one of the best albums I've ever heard, each track contains incredible memories of the group whether personal or with the fandom. The tracks in chronological order, the 3 new songs, the members' choices, the demos and the songs not released before all contributed to this album being the perfect ending to the 9 years of BTS and BTS X ARMY showing that it didn't end here, the best is yet to come and those relationships and BTS themselves will only grow and live great memories for years to come.
Amazing album ☺️ yet to come fitted perfectly for the title song and run bts was a bonus. For youth and born singer!! Ahh i must be so lucky to be in the same era of bts
The album follows BTS multiple aspects of the group and their growth. Proof is the proof that BTS deserve their spot right now. For newer fans and casual listeners, the album takes us on a journey to discover BTS music and universe. For older fans, it's a reminder of who the group has and their past.The first CD has most of BTS title tracks with the addition of the song 'Born Singer' which was a special song thet they performed on one of their earliest concert and released only on soundclound.The second CD contains the solo songs of the members and a unit song they chose.While not available on streaming platforms, the third CD shows their hardworking from their debut to now.
Proof is a testament of how far BTS have gone, how great they've endured, and how well they've done. You can clearly see from the get-go how masterful they curated this album to showcase their journey as artists and as people who genuinely have music running in their blood. It really is a perfect way to end their first chapter. Excited for what's in store for them in the future!
The album perfectly manages to make a journey of the artist's career, from the beginning to the present day. The way the three new songs fit together and get the message across to the fans is wonderful. Yet to come sending the message that they will be back again with something even better, Run BTS showing the difficulty of their journey and how they fought to be where they are and For Youth finishing the album with a declaration of love to the fans.Looking forward to what they will deliver on the next job, because they just don't disappoint.
A great anthology!The songs were meticulously picked by the group itself. Thus allow us to understand their journey from their uncertain beginning to the status of well accomplished artists.It is a real opportunity to discover them without being overwhelmed by all their other songs.Yet To Come and Run BTS their newest releases are destined to be heard all around the world.The third one, For Youth, is a gift for their fans, who has supported them for 9 years now.
I started listening In the order of the track and it gave me a run through the magnificent career of BTS, once in a lifetime artist's blood sweat and tears written in golden fonts. It made me nostalgic and proud. The new tracks Yet to come,Run BTS , For youth portrayed different emotions different emotions but all tribute to BTS and army on our 9th year together. Hip hop roots of BTS is well portrayed in here. The remastered track Born singer, the first ever fan anthem in discography brought back heavy emotions. The walk through different era is a reminder of what made BTS the best group in the World, ofall time.
This album is just so good. When you start from top u will only discover hit after hits till the end of the tracks in the album. A proof that how these boys have immensely good amd diverse discography. You will find songs of all your favorite genre in PROOF.
This album does a astonishing job at showing BTS growth throughout the years as artists who pour their hearts in their lyrics, is a must listen if you like variety when listening to music also if you want to listen to music with splendid lyrics and meaning!
I joined ARMY early this year after hearing Butter on the radio all the time at work last summer. It calmed me down and cheered me up instantly each time I heard it, since I was extremely stressed at that time in my life. I got very curious after finding out it was a song by BTS and wanted to look into their other works- never in my life have I clicked with an artist and their entire discography this fast. And this album is simply amazing! It is all of their important songs- each era of their career marked with the song/s coming from it. Plus the new tracks are simply incredible! The title track Yet To Come is a nostalgic trip down memory lane- beautiful from beat to singing! It really sounds like a promise from BTS that the best moment is yet to come. The track For Youth feels like a love letter to ARMY. The members really gave it their all making this song it is so beautifully written it makes you happy and sad and a bit nostalgic- like talking to an old friend. It is emotional and nostalgic to listen to the songs in chronological order, it makes you relive their history with them all over again. I am currently waiting for my copy of the album which I preordered. I am from Bulgaria so it is expected to arrive until the 19th! I can not wait to have it and play it, honestly- an anthology album is nothing shorter than perfect for BTS at this point in their career and especially since they gained even more fans after the release of Dynamite, Butter and Permission To Dance. This album truly is a guide to their history and achievements for newl ARMYs and a nostalgic, beautiful and emotional trip down memory lane with long-time ARMYs. Even though I am new- this album makes me feel like I have been here from the start!!!! I love them and their music with all of my heart!
They beautifully narrated their journey from the start 'till the present.This album feels nostalgic and full of memories because this is the evident on how genuinely BTS love making music.All the songs are the evident on how passionate and hardworking they're with their dreams. Their music never fails to amaze me, their story thatgives lessons to many, those hardships and struggles they've experienced that made me realized that nothing is impossible in this world.Always have faith with your talent.
I had never listened to a bts album, I only knew the most famous songs. Thanks to this album I was able to discover many of their songs and I think I fell in love. You can understand the big one variety of music they have released, from hiphop to ballad and much more. My personal favorite one was Yet To Come, I really like the sound and I also went to watch the music video amd it had the subtitles and so I read the lyrics of the song and I really like the message they want to convey: "The me best is yet to come", it's very motivating!
Incredible. 'Proof' is a little pause on their career, to look back and appreciate their past, all their wins and losses. To be proud about their journey. Also, is an optimistic look at the future, and this message is more explicit on 'Yet To Come', a very emotionally mature track. 'Run BTS' is a powerful and daring song, that reflects their mindset about themselves, how confident they are about their music, their teamwork and their relationship. 'For Youth' is a serenade to ARMY, shows how they love and appreciate all the support they received, and how they want to continue this journey together along with their fans. Last but not least, 'Proof' is the proof of BTS's success, the story of BTS told through what makes them BTS, the music.
Proof anthology album is an album that symbolize the group's journey and encompass the group's success. The album is a way the group reminds themselves and their fans how far they have come and how far they still intend to go. The album for new listeners of the group is a way to appreciate the group musical powress.The title track of the album YET TO COME has a powerful lyricism. From the lyrics we get to know the artist thought about their success so far and how they believed they haven't changed at all and they are still the same people that fell in love with music all those years ago. It also reassured fans that even though they have had a beautiful journey the past years, the beast moment is YET TO COME.
This anthology album celebrates the first 9 year’s of BTS incredible journey. The first disc contains all of their title tracks, Born Singer (originally released on SoundCloud in 2013 that samples J. Cole’s Born Sinner), and their new title track Yet To Come. Disc 2 contains unit and solo songs handpicked by the members as well as another new song, Run BTS, that will have any true fan of hip hop moving to the beat. Disc 3 contains various demo versions of released BTS songs and the new song For Youth which features audio from BTS’ sold out shows at Wembley Stadium in 2019. This entire album is truly a love letter to their fanbase the BTS ARMY but it’s also a great introduction to any new or prospective fans. After listening through no one can deny the reasons why BTS are the biggest group in the world. I truly hope you will have an open mind and give it a try.
A wonderful anthology of their career so far. I especially enjoyed the demos, though you will need to buy a physical copy to hear them.
Proof which is an anthology album released by the biggest boy band in the world in 2022 is an album that celebrates their success as a band for 9 years. It contains 3 CDs and 6 new songs the title track of which is 'Yet to come' that in my opinion deserves every award there is!!!
This Anthology, though especially put together for their fans to reminisce 9 years of a very prolific career, is also appealing to the general public, as it lets them sample all the genres inside BTS's music.From ballads, to Hip-Hop, to rap, to Pop tunes, blues and even EDM, Bangtan's (BTS) artistry and versatility stands out throughout all the 3 CDs.If there was an album I'd recommend the non-initiated to buy, this would be it. If you listen to the music first, then go to doolset lyrics for translations (https://doolsetbangtan.wordpress.com/) you can't help but acknowledge they're good writers too, with puns & smart rhymes.I've been listening to music for 40 years, all styles from heavy to rock to pop to classical. I have to say, the quality of this band is undeniable.For those concerned with sound, ATMOS has been used to enhance the quality.It's a 10 out of 10 for me.
This album is great for the casual listener who wants to finally take the plunge into becoming ARMY. It perfectly illustrates their growth from beginning to end, and shows how vast their talent is. Owning and bending all genres from day 1, you won't find any skips on Proof.
This an ANTHOLOGY ALBUM which is only made by legendary artists like Michael Jackson, The Beatles, Queen, and etc. BTS themselves made their way to the top with their hard-work and perseverance which is now they are legendary artists in their own ways. This album sums up some of their great music wherein you can totally say that their discography is top notch. They are once in a lifetime musicians loved by MILLIONS OF PEOPLE AROUND THE GLOBE. Therefore I can say that this album is THE PROOF of their never ending love for music and their fans. Long live, BTS!
The whole process of going through this anthology felt so melancholic. And the new songs are incredible. This feels like the end of a chapter and I have no doubt the next one will be filled with even more beauty and I cannot be more excited about it. They took a trip down memory lane, their past selves recognised their essence as unchanged and therefore allowed them to take a step to a even brighter future. And they took us along for the ride.
Es un álbum que representa la trayectoria de un artista, y se puede ver cómo a medida que pasó el tiempo el grupo fue mejorando musicalmente. Solo sé que ellos aún tienen las ganas de hacer más música, porque eso es lo que les gusta y los hace vibrar, tal y como lo expresan en su canción "Yet To Come". El álbum en general es grandioso, distintos ritmos y con un contenido lírico que casi siempre te deja pensando sobre la vida misma.
I love this anthology album so much. The feeling you got when listening to this album in order from start to finish, it's the best feeling ever. Listening to their beautiful voice while remembering those memories and the emotion you got from the lyrics, I can't forget this experience. Thank you BTS for this masterpiece, this anthology album hold a special place in my heart, I will forever treasure your music
Truly a great album for any person to listen to, fan or not, that encapsulates BTS’ career and musical spectrum. Hit after hit with three new absolute banging tracks as well as a remastered song. The demos, unfortunately not on streaming platforms, also show their creativity and how much they have fun with the process of making music. Great stuff!
A beautiful anthology perfectly encapsulating their near 10 year back catalogue.Plus 3 new songs Yet to Come, Run BTS and For Youth.Run BTS was the stand out of the new tracks for me of the 3,it's a bop.CD 3 not being available on streaming services is a crime. Epiphany Jin's demo was my personal fav.If your new it's a perfect jumping on point with a good slice of their music.
proof é um album maravilhoso que mostra o crescimento do BTS e tudo que eles conquistaram,e tem uma discografia impecavel.
Yet to come made me smile, Run BTS made me want to dance and For Youth made me cry. It was such an amazing experience going through this album. Proof truly feels like the right way to open a new chapter with BTS. Already excited for what's to come
one thing about bts is they gonna deliver and they did no disappoint at all with the new releases. smells like the album of the year ;)
One of the best albums BTs has ever given out … as a new army it was a brilliant chance for me to get all the amazing songs since their debut days up until now all in one place. The title track YTC it’s a beautiful summary of their journey and holds a path to their future. Run bts is a mood and can make you dance anywhere. Demo versions are fun and speaks a lot about their creative process. All in all one of the best buys I have made in a while …
Immaculate discography. PROOF truly proves that they are indeed the best. I am very blessed to be stanning bts
I LOVED IT!!
I am so proud of bts the anthology album is pure genius and the sounds for youth yet to come and run are just incredible and above all you can see that they worked very hard. It's really the album of the year, you can see all their different personalities, their backgrounds and I think it's so rare now that artists make albums for the fans and because they love what they do, 80% of the artists now make music just for the money. And bts no they prove every day that they love what they do and I think that's amazing so they will continue to dominate everything in the years to come every year they break all the records so Stream yet to come!
Legendary! can listen to all songs on loop all day!! Legends for sure! the quality of all items are amazing! songs feel like home!
The best album ever! This is so close to my heart as an ARMY
it's an amazing album. New fans have come to know many great songs since their debut.
Inspiratif album, beautiful lyrics, their vocal are amazing. massage from this album so good
Love it. A great look at their discography from the past 9 years. Title tracks + their solo picks. The physical edition are totally worth to spend the money on. The concepts are beautiful.
This anthology has something for both hardcore fans and new listeners - on 3 cds, you’ll find the expected excellent hits from bts that span genres, a few new songs, and a whole cd full of demos that give you a peek behind the scenes off their songwriting process. A great listen from start to finish!
As a baby ARMY I really loved this album x I really got to kinda enjoy the old eras of BTS while welcoming Chapter 2 of the BTS story. Bought both versions of the album (still waiting for the standard one to be delivered) and the compact one is so pretty and nice and I just now the standard version will be even better.
bts keeps surprising me each cb. And as a fan since 2017, I felt so emotional listening to yet to come and connected with them deeply and then there goes the banger and my fav in the album, run bts (
An absolutely perfect summarization and showcasing of BTS' musical career, from start to finish its wonderfully organized thoughtfully constructed to guide the listener from their early dyas to the present. The unreleased tracks of the third CD are a thoughtful and amazing gift. The new song Run BTS has amazing energy and For Youth is a heartwarming love letter to ARMY. Yet to Come as a title track is a perfect look back on their progress and an inspired declaration of their passion and ambition to take on the next chapter. They really couldn't have made a better anthology album nor at a more pivotal time in their career. Simply beautiful.
The selection of the songs for an anthology album is Top Tier. Tbh honest If I were there I would have been in a dilemma about which one to choose as they have extremely good songs. and surprisingly the new 3 songs are also good, especially Run BTS has taken me aback. No way another song can be the song of the year while this particular song exists. Moreover, yet to come and for youth is subtly the best song for you as an Army. Can not stop crying while listening to them. BTS is popular and one of the main reasons is they are talented artists and good musicians.
everything about this album is so perfect. they never fail to make amazing songs. this is a very biased opinion but honestly if you don't find the album interesting then just accept that this comeback is not for you. this album is some kind of anniversary celebration, for both bangtan and armys so no. you are not invited to the party.
HOLY SUGA ITS SO GOOD RUN BTS *MOANS*IS SO GOOD THEY WON IT IS SO AMAZING I CRIED
Its a beautiful album. An anthology in their 9th year is crazy! It gives a chance to the fans to reminisce their music and also for them to look back and forward to their new chapter
The album is a excellent summary of 9 years group's work. The music that it contains walks you through the years and show their growth really well. That's why for BTS fanbase Army it is an album of many memories and for new fans great introduction to their music before diving in and checking earlier albums.I recommend everyone to give it a listen evne just to get a glimps of who BTS are.
This album is a great summary if their 9 years career. Listening to it is just an enjoyable no skip journey. There are a lot of easter eggs throughout the lyrics and so much more with the song's accompanying mv. This can guarantee anyone who wants to enjoy a great range of genres. 10/10 will listen again even after many years.
This is such a beautiful proof of the type of artist they are and the type of art they make. They truly are the biggest group in the world and this album shows why.
Once again, BTS created something beautiful. The Proof album, through the new and old songs, gives life to sooo many feelings.
this album is amazing. its really life changing. yes anyway stream yet to come slay.
this album is a phenomenal look on bts's journey from the start to the present day. the new tracks are amazing and everything about it is perfect.
I'm a new army, so I didn't know much about their past discography but through this one anthalogy album, I was able to discover their vast discography , really great album !!
Proof serves several important functions:-A reflection on the diverse, expansive 9-year discography of BTS, with a rundown of the band’s album title tracks,-An intro to the members for those who are only familiar with the most recent hits, as shown through the solos and unit songs that the members feel best represent them,-A gift to ARMY in the form of an intimate third disc of demos, and-A conclusion to the first chapter of their career together and a testament to their hope for the future.There is something here for everyone, all in a beautiful package.
It's a very good album. The lyrics, the reference, the storyline about their journey from their past make me so emotional.
Proof as an album is overall excellent with its catchy beats and beautiful lyricism. it contains all our favorites, and songs handpicked by the members of BTS themselves. Its surely one which will take you through a series of emotions such as nostalgia and deep love and awe for the band. They truly have outdone themselves with songs like “Run bts”, “For youth” and tutle track “Yet to come”. I am waiting earnestly for what the new chapter of their career bringsforth , considering the amount of success and love the band has garnered in their first chapter.
So far their best album! Every comeback they have they just always manage to make better than the last some how, really love Yet To Come it has a calm emotional vibe that's just beautiful and Run BTS another masterpiece the song is just so good like for real what do they put in those songs to make them this good ?!
I have been their fan for 3 years. I'm telling you this album is very special for armys. I love their anthology album so much. Every single song in it hits so much. Especially their new songs are bop.
This album is not just any ordinary album it holds BTS and ARMYs memories and emotions and struggles together. Saw many kpoopies saying neg about the album just cuz they r scared their favs not gonna have chances again. Well first of all it's not for u this album is not for you it's for ARMY only. Y'all won't understand anything about this album well u will if u stalk us but some claiming they r ARMY and didn't like the album well clown u ain't ARMY so how u gonna like it and we don't need u to like the album. Keep staying mad. The album is beautiful and we ARMY love it sm
One of THE BEST BTS ALBUM..the three new tracks along with the countless hits on the album is just chefs kiss ..yet to come is an amazing alt hip hop title track and the lyrics represent hope and bright future for bts …run bts will get you up on your feet in no time and for youth shows the close bond shared between BTS and their fans ARMY very sentimental and made me teary eyed in no time with their lyrics …extremely eager to see what BTS has planned next. The anthology album was just right seeing that they are going to celebrate 9 years and their countless hits on the albums are top tier.
in love with everything about this album bts never disappoints. Thank you so much for this art
This is such a wonderful album, them looking back through their music career through all these past years just shows that they really went through a lot to achieve what they truly deserved.
This is a celebratory album. Ceremonial. We see a little bit of everything BTS has done in their 9 years career. Reflects their every era, every sound, shows their growth and versatility. The album celebrate their 9 years of artistry and is just so wholesome and special. They give us everything in this.
This anthology album perfectly captures the musical journey of BTS. From Born Singer to For youth , it's very beautiful.
PROOF is BTS's Anthology album. I am really awestruck listening to it from beginning to end. It has 3 new tracks and other tracks are from their old wonderful creations. It showcases their musical diversity and this album is yet another PROOF of their artistry !
If you want to live a unique experience… Go ahead and listen to this masterpiece. The best of the best
Very good album, i like it so much because this album is a journey from bts
Tip: It is worth your money! This album surpassed fadpinks recycled music! This album is so emotional and doesn't contain any bada ding bada boom boom boom! Proof is a good example of good and quality music, buy it. Don't listen to the blinks in the reviews, they only listened to trash music their whole life so they are just pressed.
I really love how this album features memories and moments that are so precious for both bangtan and army, it’s heart warming listening to these songs.
Top tier discography all encompassed in one album. Only downfall is they should have put more songs.
An anthology that show the range of BTS music. With old time favorites, new songs and the never heard before demos on cd3. BTS never disappoint, Proof confirm it. It close a chapter, 9 years of an amazing career. I can't wait to see what they'll do for the next chapter!
I really like they show their history and evolution in music through this album, their songs hold a beautiful message.
the proof album gets a rating of 9 to 10 points for its excellent discography.
The album is so meaningful. It is a proof of their 9 years as BTS. I think this album is the perfect ending for their HYYH chapter. I can't wait for the beginning of their new chapter.
The perfect way to end the chapter 1 of their career and to open a new chapter. The title track Yet to Come has nostalgic vibes, which is like reading their diary and their thoughts about what they feel with how far they have come. One of their 2013 songs Born Singer has been re-released and was a perfect start of their anthology, which described their dreams, aspirations and the obstacles they faced at the beginning of their career. Run BTS, the hip-hop track, describes how they are each other's support in their journey and how they worked hard together to reach where they are. The final new song of the ANTHOLOGY For Youth is a heartfelt letter to the fans, and how they are each other's best friend. Divided into 3 CDs, CD1 represents BTS as a group, CD2 represents individuality of each member, describing their own distinct personalities and CD3 is specialised for fans, which contains demos and 2 unreleased older tracks. CD3 is like the torn pages of a diary no one was supposed to read. It displays their raw works and is exclusively for fans, available only on CD and not on digital streaming platforms. The rest of the album has 31 older songs, each a timeless hit.To conclude, this has to be one of their most personal works ever, standing side by side with BE, and retraces their journey from their debut until now, reminiscing all the ups and downs of their career. This is an album which will be cherished by fans for a long time, because of the message they wanted to convey with their album.
one of the best anothological albums, the title track is soft, calming, nostalgic, euphoric. the song run bts is one hella bop. the whole album is versatile, i love it!
This album will give you a chance to listen to BTS' amazing discography while also telling you about their history. Their past struggles, hardships, successes and failures, everything packed into one album. I recommend this album to anyone who has been curious about this internationally popular band.
BTS ‘Proof’ sums up their stand as musicians through the years. It shows their growth and their undeniable talent and seriousness about their chosen career. Their respect to their craft and their peers can be seen here. Yet To Come tags my heart the way they walk memory lane through their music video. The meaningful nuances of every scenes amd every sounds you hear on the music video can only be understood by their avid listeners while the basic meaning can inspire a casual listener.Run BTS is the HYPE SONG that talks about their journey sinceroolies days to their success years!!! The humble beginnings of sevwn mates that was alien to the city of Seoul brave the giant industry of korean music. Like we all joke about, BTS had 5$ and BIG DREAMS!! What back them up was their unwavering love for their music and looking back to those who support all the time. Their music talks about society and it’s unfairness. Many relates to their music and many is inspired to their journey as musicians. This is their PROOF of their chapter1. Looking forward to more.
Best Anthology album of 2022!! Not only is it filled with BTS’ greatest hits, the 3 new songs are absolute BANGERS as well
BTS put their hearts and souls into each album they make. Proof shows once again why they are the biggest and best group in the world.
The Tannies are back again!!!!!!Best album from Best Biggest Band on Earth.
Proof tells the story of BTS over the last nine years of their career. It describes their journey through three CDs -1:describing their career arc as a band,2: showcasing the members' individual talents in their team, and 3 : giving an intimate look into songs before they were released or finalized. It takes great courage to be able to share things such as the demos to the whole world to see. I believe BTS has crafted this album exceptionally well , to give casual listeners a look into why they are the biggest musical act in the world, and for ARMY it is a gift to reminisce treasured memories or to understand their journey so far,if you just found them recently. With this album, they close the first chapter of their career and look ahead at a bright , shining future which brims with amazing possibilities.
This anthology album really draws the attention to BTS' amazing discography and how their music from their debut until today stayed uncomperable. From music to lyrics, every song is unique experience that deserves its own appreciation. 3 new tracks are the great addition to already amazing discography. quite literally changed my life.
Literally the best album by BTS! It's so good. Such a high quality album for an 'anthology album'. Totally recommend buying and streaming it. You'll love it!!
this album sums up their first chapter so beautifully
This anthology album is everything I have ever wanted. The three new tracks have been one of the best music I've heard in a while. I'm really grateful of BTS for releasing this.
My first BTS album ever !!! High expectation because their discography very diverse and soo good.This album reflect 9th year of their journey with 3 new song and demo their made for their song.I can say what i receive is beyond my expectation...Their dream, heart, passion, talent...their picturing so beautifully in this album
Amazing album which encompasses the past 9 years of the bts boys no skips it's a great way to get introduced to the group with no doubt album of the year
This is the best way to wrap up Chapter 1 of their career. Every song is line up in a way that showcase each milestone that they achieved. And the 3 new songs, born singer, demos and unreleased tracks further proof that their talent knows no bounds. Masterpiece...
this is definition of god made. Bts proof their discography are not skip.Album of the year
This is the best BTS album that winded up their incredible 9 years. It is an album that only Army and BTS will understand so, no matter what others say my favorite album. thank you, BTS. The three new songs are the best, especially run bts.hwaiting bts!
This is amazing album as it is obvious cause it is BTS. This album have all there songs and music journey from debute. This has 3 new songs which are soooo amazing. Yet To Come is emotional while RUN BTS is sexy track. One more song is For Youth which is for BTS fandom ARMY. This album is something proof of BTS being the one they are right now which is at TOP.
It so was great. One of their best albums Can't wait for their new chapter
This anthology album proved that they truly have a flawless discography! The way we can see their growth and influences is something ARMY can cherish. Putting out this album after 9 nine years of them creating wonderful music really speaks their impact as artists after all.
Masterpiece each song is very cool run bts its the best but we have yet to come which is the title its a balad song and it is very good
A great album to collect, it got a summary of BTS' 9 years discography with 3 new amazing songs. Listening to it is like going on a journey on BTS history. You can see how they started, how they improved and how they have become during all these years. All songs are different and have their own style, enjoyed every song in the album. Worth the price.
Awesome album! Old hits with some new hits! Very well produced new songs! Would love it if bts continue with the sounds shown on yet to come, born singer and RUN BTS. Dem Jointz’s production on RUN BTS paired with BTS’ fun lyrics and hype vocals brings it all together.
It’s a great and solid album that marks 9 yrs of their careers as musicians . Proof express the growth of the group through the years and when you listen to the album you can said "Oh this is BTS"
kpoppies, leaving negative reviews won't make your groups more talented or successful. BTS still the standard, and your faves wish they had every ounce of bts success, but that will never happen :)now back to Proof, a great anthology album that shows BTS incredible discography since their debut 9 years ago. The 4 new songs (3 + Born Singer) are the perfect addition for this album.
the 3 CDs will give you upside down mood, like??? every vibes on this album!!! you won't regret it, i promise!!! even more for the 3rd CD, it contain their demos and unreleased song
this album is definitely a listen! it gives off different vibes per song despite 32 of the songs there has already been released it still feels like it's a first time listening to it. the 3 new songs + born singer is honestly immaculate! they're setting so much bars and heights for this album! i can't wait how they're going to start chapter 2 but i'm certainly excited for it!
This is not just an anthology album, this is the Proof of their success, their story, their struggles, this is a fight for their music. Looking back, from where they started to the best moment that is yet to come, this is not just an album, this is THE BTS ALBUM, their truth and their proof.
You get to go through BTS' discography over their 9-year career by listening to this album. Their song experience is so versatile and they have succeeded in every genre they have tried. The best anthology album for closing the 1st chapter of their career!
did so much justice for an anthology album. And the 3 new songs were absolutely beautiful, well-composed, and produced. Was extremely happy as a hip-hop fan to get a song like Run BTS in this album. BTS proves they will continue making good music for goodnl listeners
I listened to this album in its entirety since released more than 5 times and I absolutely love it!! From the lyrics to beat, tempo, language flows and cadence of the rap make this anthology a masterpiece. I will be adding this album to my top three of all times.
Ten album jest cudowny! Dla prawdziwych fanów BTS to idealny prezent po tak długiej przerwie. Zakończenie pewnego etapu i rozpoczęcie nowego.
Wonderful album by the boys. They truly never disappoint. A very insightful journey through their 9 years in the industry from their ups and downs to their mega success today. A thank you to army's from BTS. I love them so much
this anthology album is interesting when you listen to it from the top to bottom because it shows the years of music experience of bts. Also I'm loving the track Run BTS, I'm shaking my ass on it everytime I listen to it
This is such a good album! BTS gained many new fans due to their latest singles 'dynamite-Butter-Permission to Dance' & their 2020 albums 'Map Of The Soul:7 and BE' which all set global records that have yet to be broken! This anthology album is a perfect way to let these new fans dive into their 300+ song discography. It's also perfect for older fans to let them re-experience all of BTS's hard work & succes!'Proof' has a lot of their hits in it, 3 new songs (Yet To Come, Run BTS, For Youth), and then CD3 which contains personal demos (that you can only listen to if you buy the album, because they were released for their fans 'army' -> for nobody else) lets u really explore BTS's process of creating music, describes their career path perfectly is such a perfect way to close their chapter 1 and to start a new chapter! Proof is truly a beautiful album! Can't wait for more.((((also I don't know why miserable haters are trying to spam the reviews because it won't do anything to BTS's succes, they still thriving and breaking records so move. It's rather pathetic. It really shows everybody is always tuning in, haters and fans. The impact BTS have is insanely huge.)))
Beautiful anthropology album, great for everyone new to BTS and great for everyone that has known them for a long time to look back on the memories we've made. And on top of all that 3 new incredible songs, what more could anyone want.
The lyrics,the voice,the rap everything is point.BTS are born talented and this album is proving it right all over again.
As a big fan of another group (blackpink) i have to admit that I’m jealous of the quality of the songs in this album, it’s amazing how there’s just hits after hits and the new 5 songs are more than what my fave group releases every 3 years
I am very surprised this group’s discography expands 9 yrs. I’m a casual listener who discovered BTS via the Grammy performance of Butter (included in this album as well) only to discover how hard they have been working as musicians. Run BTS has to honestly be my favorite song. Their vocal performance with the electronic guitar rift 10/10. Finally the song For Youth and Yet To Come is dedicated to their fans, it’s such an intimate moment of love and devotion. I would recommend this album to all. This misconception that they are just “kpop boy band” is misinformation. Give it a listen judgement free, they are sassy and charismatic exactly what the music industry has been missing for sometime now in the the US.
truly enjoyed the album, starting from born singer and moving to their lead singles in each album with cd 1 ending with yet to come was truly a genius move artistically. Yet to Come is an absolutely lovely alt hiphop single and it's overall message so heart warming. cd 2 beginning with Run BTS had my jaw on the ground. I'm absolutely obsessed. then we have tracks that crowd favourites and then cd 3. the demos were all so interesting it truly was eye opening to see their process and I'm honestly obsessed with all of the demos. the last track For Youth absolutely broke me. with the sample from young forever fan chants i already knew the song was going to be a tear jerker and it really was. it was honest and so so beautiful. Proof does an amazing job condensing BTS' vast discography and is a lovely introduction to fans who are just finding them and understanding who they and what their music is.
This album is so good.My favorite tracks are included in this album and Run BTS,a b-side track outsold tankpinks Title Track
Omg....thank you bts for this lovely gift. Love you forever
This anthology album named Proof has the best way to summarize all up and down that happen in BTS’s 9 years career. This album includes their best hits, solo and unit tracks, also their hidden gem -demo and unreleased songs. What a best way to conclude the first chapter of their musical career and ready to open their second chapter with brand new possibilities.
This is best bts album. I love all the songs especially yet to come and run bts
perferct!!! it's an important album in their career, where they tell their story and put an end to a chapter of their career, to start another one, the seven members did an excellent job on the album, and they were essential.
Literally the Best thing I've heard! So glad to have this anthology right around the time of their 9th anniversary. Enjoying every single second while listening to all the tracks... It's awesome to reminisce the years I've spent with them as the older tracks play! BTS are the best and this is the Proof!!
a great, diverse album that captures BTS’ identities as artists & individuals!
One of their best albums. The new songs are all so good that I can't stop listening to them. 10/10 would recommend
amazing album that’s shows the beginning of their career until now. it’s great to see their growth. i would definitely recommend this album.
Such an amazing album !!! Full of new sounds on the 3rd track with never heard demos !!! And their 3 brand new songs in addition. This anthology is really a must have
This anthology album is the best thing that could happen to the late armys such as myself : a deep dive in a long career to show their growth as artists and 4 new songs (excluding the 3rd cd) full of nostalgia and hope for the future! BTS are here to stay
the best ever I love this albumall songs are soooooooo goodI love bts!!!bjsses
I haven't stopped streaming the album since yesterday and can't wait for the physical unit to arrive soon. This comeback is very special as they reminisce their hardships and achievements throughout their 9 years of career. I'm proud of how far they've come
I was pretty sick on my birthday, and started the day quite miserable. However this albums release that afternoon turned what would have been a crappy birthday into a happy memory. The references to their past music, optimistic perspective on getting older, clever and touching lyrics and catchy hooks made the new songs fantastic additions to their stunning discography. The demos on the 3rd disc are a precious glimpse into the song writing process and make the physical copy all the more valuable.
a very emotional album for both bts and their fans. enjoyed every second of the album
this is 1st Anthology album BTS, the track is about BTS journey in mucis industry and in this album they added a lot of unreleased songs
It's a great album. So meaningful for their journey of 10 years. Every new songs have different sound. I really enjoy listening for all album.
This album is really phenomenal!! Especially if you look into the new songs. There are 3 total new songs and my favorite got to be Run BTS. This anthology album has too many iconic songs to choose. The demos in this album are also very interesting
I enjoyed the Album and loved the songs Yet To come and Run BTS!The MV is like a mini video with all the memories of their past
I love how we can see the different genres and musical journey of BTS. I especially love how we can see the progression of the themes and messages of their songs, going from talking about struggles as students, to youths, loving oneself, and self-acceptance. From the three new tracks, they emphasize once more the love that they have for music, for their fans, and also talking about their journey, how they're closing a chapter but is venturing into a new one, promising to always return for their fans, and because of their love of music and of BTS. The title track, Yet to Come, is a beautiful song. I especially love the music, vocals, rap, and melodg of the song. It is very moving and definitely delivers the message they want to convey with this anthology album. My only qualm is the background sound that is like a playbacked track similar to that of what they did with Life Goes On. Unfortunately, I didn't like it in this one but aside from that, YTC is a song that I very much love. Next new song is Run BTS. A more upbeat song. It's a very exciting song. A definite fan-favorite. The last song is For Youth which is definitely my favorite track. This was incredibly breathtaking and moved me so much to the brink of tears. I love everything about this song, I can repeat it over and over again. Ofcourse, this album also includes Born Singer. It's very fitting to see the album start with them talking about their dream and aspiration, how they ARE born singers, and ending with a song dedicated to their fans, ARMYS. This was a very heartfelt album and I am very proud to be a fan of BTS. I am proud of how far they've come, of their achievements, of their journey. This album perfectly encapsulates why BTS have captured the heart of many and why they are one of the greatest artists in the world, because of their love for music, love for their fans, their teamwork and unyielding perseverance in pursuit of their dreams. BTS have always made great music, great performances, and moving and powerful messages with their songs, this anthology album is a PROOF of that.
brilliant as always, bts never disappoints. This anthology was such a good album, with songs like run bts you can never go wrong
The album is really nice, the quality of photocards, it's pages are smooth and the content in it really tells 9 years journey of BTS which is very impressive. The colours used in the album overall design everything is so beautiful. It is worth buying album and I'll recommend it to other to buy also.BTS PAVED THE WAY
Listening to Proof is a trip down the memory lane. I won't forget how Jimin caught my attention in their MV for Blood, Sweat and Tears with his elegant moves and delicate voice. Now it is a part of this new album together with all their title tracks from their past albums. Their current title track Yet to Come is sooo bittersweet that you can see how far they've come and how great they've grown up as artists and as individuals. I'd say I'm going to miss this Chapter One of their career, but I'm thankful they gave us this album to look back. I'm ready for their next albums to come.
Proof is a super soft Album! Everyone should listen to it. It shows their love to Army. Yet to come is perfect to chill. Thank you BTS!
Great album. The lyrics are so good. They brought so many memories of their struggles, happy moment, laughter and, cries etc. Truly love it
In my opinion, proof is an album that describes the journey and struggles of the seven musicians and contains interconnected songs from their past to the present with a very wide variety of genres, and provides motivation and inspiration to many people for their dreams. How they can turn a barren desert into a sea. This album has special meanings for the artists, for the fans, and also for the people who listened to proof.
With golden discography like the BTS, this album is a must have. Run BTS lets go!
What a masterpiece! I love the new songs, Yet To Come and Run BTS. Both song has hip-hop vibes mixed with BTS's own style. Love it!
The best album with excellent artistry and evidence of their consistent quality since 9 years of debut. This album has given me a one-of-a-kind experience from the first track to the last.
a gorgeous amalgamation of the old and new bts with a smooth transition, telling their story
As always BTS never fails to amaze with their versatile discography! Really love this album!
An album with all their previous hits. Not everyone can release an anthology album. The album firmly states how vast and amazing their discography is. The 3 new songs are so beautiful. 'Yet to come' is so calming and beautiful. 'Run bts' my favorite, I have no words for this song. DAMN GOOD. And 'For Youth' makes me so emotional and happy. LOVE THIS ALBUM SO MUCH
BTS has done it once again. I learned about them in 2013 and officially became an army in early 2014. With that said Proof is a shining example as to why BTS deserve the praise, love and massive fandom they have. So many different emotions can be felt in this album and they all feel genuine and like they are coming from the heart and that truly is what BTS is all about. So happy to see the song that made me an army (No More Dream) finally get the massive love worldwide that it deserves. You can tell BTS have not lost their love for their craft just by listening to their newest songs like Yet to Come and Run BTS(my two favorite new songs which I can’t stop listening to). I can’t wait to see what the future holds for them and of course I will continue to support them. On to chapter two.
Perfect ! This is a masterpiece. The photobooks, the songs everything is incredible ! Don’t hesited and buy it !
This album depict the story and bts success till now by their different song , the songs are corelated and play a huge role in the success of bts , it consist of 3 cds ,which has variety of song for each and every person and for those who want to know them well , really great
This album is one of the best album of all the time. We can see the work, the artistry, the passion of BTS. 10/10
The album that encapsulated the journey of BTS and ARMY for the last 9 years. The best Anthology album Proof is a treasure and will be a legendary thing in years to come. Love this album so much
PROOF IS ALBUM OF THE YEAR! IDC ABOUT YALL BUT 9 YEARS IN THE MUSIC INDUSTRY AS THE BIGGEST BOY BAND IN THE WORLD WITH LIKE WHAT... MILLIONS OR BILLIONS OF PEOPLE GRIPPING ON UR NECK IS AMAZING AND INSANE. ITS NOT EASY TO BE BTS. BUT THEY OVERCOME ALL OF THAT BCZ OF SINCERITY, RESPECT, LOVE,COMPASSION AND OPEN MINDSET. AND THIS ANTHOLOGY ALBUM IS THE PROOF OF ALL THE ORGANIC **** YALLS REASON FOR HATING ON THEm.
This album is a perfect wrap up for BTS’s 9 years of music career. It contains multiple megahits which are self-produced and self-written songs. This album marks as a proof of their achievement and a part of music history, no boundary against languages.
Proof is an Anthology album by BTS, and it consists of 3 new songs which are: the albums title track "Yet To Come", "Run BTS" and, "For Youth" plus their already released songs that've been specifically picked by the members. It is just an incredible masterpiece consisting of an extremely large genre of songs.
Proof just goes on to show how BTS' 9 years of artistry is filled with an immaculate discography with a wide range of genres. The biggest group in the world is just getting started and then releasing an anthology album is the perfect proof
Best Album of the year! And the most legendary anthology!! i can't even explain how grateful I'm to have witnessed BTS first chapter!
WIRO? Got them . Jijo? Got them . Good music? Got them. Good team? GodDamn .You said . You Hot . Oh man You Nor . RUN BULLETPROOF RUN YAA YOU GOTTA RUN BULLETPROOF RUN THE BEST ALBUM OF THE YEAR? YES IT'S PROOF BY BTS
I absoloutly loved the whole album. Especially yet to come make me huge emotional. Other side there is a song in album lik Run bts and its just like wow. I am completely loved it. And For youth is such a sweet heart warmer song. This album is an epic
this is an amazing album. I wish I could have it.I've been a fan for 4 years. They gave me motivation to be myself and just move forward. The only thing I regret is that I don't have the money to buy an album.
Proof is not just a collection of BTS tracks. It is an album that chronicles the historic rise of a band from a small company to the global superstars that shine on the world’s stage. Proof is comprised of three albums—CD 1 is a celebration and recollection of all their title tracks including the first official release of Born Singer; CD 2 is a collection of handpicked B side tracks by the members; & CD 3 is a collection of unheard demos & previously unreleased music that is meant to be a gift to ARMYs. Each CD contains a new song that perfectly represents each CD. Yet To Come is an anthem of how their past music was great, but their best has yet to come and how they will keep running toward their best selves. Run BTS is a heart pumping anthem of how BTS’s grit & determination is what got them through the hard time & what has helped to propel them to global superstars. For Youth is a love letter to ARMY—to the ones who have helped BTS achieve their dreams & who have given them solace & a light during the dark & difficult times. As a casual listener, Proof offers you an opportunity to listen to & appreciate a representation of BTS’s vast discography—to truly appreciate their musical genius please read lyric translations, if needed. As an ARMY, you get to celebrate what BTS has accomplished & get excited for what is in the future.
This album is so good! Bts is so smart releasing their old songs!! From their debut songs and now yet to come. I really like RUN BTS.
THE BEST ANTHOLOGY ALBUM THAT HAS BEEN RELEASED, from the cover to everything!
PROOF is a window to these seven men souls and their journey with their fans. They are letting us in and explain how they got where they are today and teases us on where they might go next. This just their 2nd chapter starting. A must have for any hardcore fan and a must have for anyone ho wishes to know them.
This album is awesome. En medio de la expectativa por el estreno de “Proof”, Bangtan estrenó “Yet to Come” (The Most Beautiful Moment), una de las nuevas canciones que incluye este álbum de antología. Este sencillo del género hip hop que muestra el camino de la boyband de k-pop y sus éxitos con la promesa de que vendrán días más brillantes..
Proof is blood, swear and tears of BTS for the past 9yrs. The 3 new songs Yet To Come, Run BTS and For youth just shows how they maintained to create a good quality music. Looking forward for their future masterpiece.
Once again bts did not disappoint! Even with just 4 new songs this album is so special! And the combination of the new songs with their old masterpieces is amazing! Well done!
One of the best albums I've ever listened to. It gives you a complete idea about the versatility of BTS. From mind-blowing pop,rap,rock to very emotional songs like For youth will make you fall in love with the vocalists of the group as well as the versatile rappers who can blend in really well with the emotional songs with their soft raps.
the album is amazing. it's shows the beginning of their hardwork from the past 9 years of being and artists. if you listen to it from the 1st song to the last you will see the growth with them. listening to bts music is my therapy when i feel alone or depressed and i thank them for creating this Proof album. please take time to listen to their songs.
This album is absolutely the best! I am a new fan of BTS and this full album makes me listen to older music's of them that are honestly the best. and another thing that I should mantion is : ME AND YOU BEST MOMENT IS YET TO COME ;)
my life as BTS ARMY for those past 9 years. This Anthology Album is a recollection of they and my journey
This album is absolutely incredible. BTS takes us through an emotional journey from their debut, through all chapters and their self made success. They are truly amazing artists and this album is truly the PROOF! Buy, stream and enjoy this masterpiece!
What a great Anthology Album, BTS. I love how diverse their discography is. They don't settle for one genre. Their very first genre was hip-hop. From then on, their songs genre, lyrics, album/song concept, and their message have continue to develop. They get more creative and on hands with making their sings. I was really touched when I watched their title track "Yet To Come". I was full of emotions on that time. The stories behind the song, the concept, the props and materials used in the MV and even the setting, it was very interesting. Their B-Side songs such as Run BTS and For Youth are gems. It was on instinct when I headbang when the drop beats for Run BTS. The song is fire! For Youth, oh my gee, when i listened to the song, I taught that this could be play in a wedding like wow. Congrats, BTS.! Keep on pursuing your dreams ~I'm not a native English speaker so my grammar and vocabulary are limited.
There is no better Proof of BTS's global dominance than their 2013-2022 music and artistry all beautifully laid out in one anthology album. Yet To Come is a severely underrated song
I really love this album. First, born singer as the starting of the album is a genius idea, i never thought that one day it'll be included in one of their album, the song is making you very emotional from the start. Then listening to all their title track chronologically really put you in the mood of the album, they represent each different era so it bring a lot of memory from the song that used to be the most played in my playlist the past years. The three new song are excellent, the lead single "yet to come" is really good, from the ballad melody to the hopefull lyrics, the vocal and rap line did a very good job, its followed by "run bts" which became my fav song at the moment and one of their best. The second half of the album is like a surprise gift, i dont know whats waiting for me since its very random from their discography. Its end w/ a fan song "for youth" and i love it.
The album title lives up to its name. If anyone still questions them why they are on the top, the 3CDs in Proof are the evidence.
This anthology is truly so special. It very wonderfully showcases bts’ journey from 2013 and all the way to 2022. Yet to come is such a wonderful songs and the lyrics do hit deep, especially being a fan for so many years. Run Bts is also THE hype song, they really make such great hits. For youth truly made me cry a ton, it’s lyrics are so powerful and the song is so sweet, with the fanchants from young forever at the start, it’s truly a powerful song. if they made me cry, then these songs sure did their jobs!! BTS are truly excellent writers and producers. Yet again, disappointment? non existent! I’m so excited to see where they’ll go ahead in their journey and their musical journey, especially as they’re hitting their 10th anniversary in 2023!
its a masterpiece showing us how talented and versatile bts is , run bts is the best song i have heard in a while
PROOF is the celebration of their past, while still being a hopeful step forwards into their future. Is a gift to fans but also to themselves, a pat in the back for a job well done, and a remainder of where they wanna go now.
BTS has proved once again by are they called legend.Another Great Album
Perfect !!! I like it !! I recommend he listen to it. ✌
what a beautiful album. they proved once again that their love for music is only increasing. cannot wait for their next piece of art
While most only know BTS for their pandemic tracks such as Dynamite and Butter, their 200+ track discography is another example of what I consider life giving art.In the past decade, they have produced a sonically rich & lyrically deep discography with their own blood, sweat & tears & this album is their proof. Their discography follows their life course from their school era to their love yourself & map of the soul eras to this album which represents their last reflection on youth.
As a fan who just found them in the late 2018., this anthology album is such lovely gift. I can somehow feel the excitement of become fans at their early year. LOVE the new tracks too especially Run BTS. What a banger!!!
Nothing speaks more of BTS than this 3-cd anthology album. The group shares all the important songs in chronological order telling their stories from 9 years ago until the present. Truly something they able to dedicate to their ARMY fans, this album will make you reminisce and wipe tears while singing, dancing and bopping -- something only BTS can do.
the album to have, it's incredible. the 1st cd contains their title track, the 2nd is composed of songs chosen by the members and the 3rd cd contains the demos that the members have worked on throughout their career, they are really great, the songs are totally different of their final versions and it shows the hard work done
It's an amazing album, I feel like a hug for the fans. Army is lucky to have artists who always think of them, and BTS is lucky to have fans like Army.
The entire proof album is like a short playlist as just 2 hours. I loved listening to it beginning to end. It’s just such a cohesive story of their history. At least do this once
A wonderful journey through BTS’ masterpieces with some unexpected gems in CD3. Thank you BTS for being proof that music transcends language and cultural barriers.
The album was a masterpiece. If you listen to the tracks in order, you could tell how difficult and beautiful the journey of the band. Also, the title track was so emotional as it was referenced to their older music videos. Looking forward to hear more music from BTS.
I think this album really reflects bts' artistry and passion for music. It shows how they tranformed and improved throughout the years. It is honestly refreshing to see artists who are so passionate and who genuinely love music. The variety of genres and techniques throughout the album are also so incredible. They are very good at what they do. Props to BTS!
Proof is a work of art. A true look into BTS' glorious past and a glimpse into their future.CD 1 starts with Born Singer, a rap masterpiece and continues with an array of BTS' greatest hits encompassing 19 songs with their latest soulful title track Yet to Come being the final song of CD 1.CD2 begins with the fiery rap anthem Run BTS and continues with a series of solo and sub-unit songs chosen by the members themselves which include some of the best b sides of BTS' career and is riddled with musical gems such as Seesaw, Euphoria, Singularity, Cypher Pt 3, Jamais Vu to name a few.CD 3 comprises of unreleased demos and is available only on CD format with For Youth being the only song available digitally.The 3 new songs on the album - Yet to Come, Run BTS and For Youth are a testament to the versatility BTS have displayed over the years as they successfully straddle multiple genres of music from pop to rap and hip-hop.In all the album is a must buy not only for existing fans but for anyone who wants to understand why BTS have captivated the hearts of millions globally with their music.
IT IS AMAZING, INCREDIBLE LIKE I HAVE NO WORDS FOR IT I WOULD SELL MY SOUL FOR THIS GHE AMOUNT OF REFERENCES TO THEIR OLD ALBUMS ON THE NEW SONGS TOO AND LISTENING TO THE DEMOS AND NEW SONGS JUST GOT ME TEARING UP I AM IN LOVE
one of the best albums they've released. releasing old tracks along with 3 new was a brilliant idea as well.
A masterpiece! Love all the songs, especially the new ones; Yet To Come, Run BTS, and For Youth (special mention; Born Singer, Quotation Mark, and Young Love)
This is an amazing album for BTS armys. We all loved it. Proof album is gonna be a masterpiece.
If you want to know BTS, this is what you need! Perfect to have a sample of their discography !
A beautiful anthology album that shows why they're at the top of their game.
Run BTS alone would do it for me. The rap part, especially Hoseok's, were bomb. The part where V sang "If we live fast, let us die young," is an earworm. I can't get it out of my head. The album in general though, is really good. I like that this is what closes the first chapter of BTS. I can't wait for the new era.
Perfect look back at their whole discography. Love it, especially Disc 3!! :)
This album is true definition of the work of art. The way BTS always makes their music as their story, journey, so everyone can feel the sincerly in this album. Every song in this album are masterpiece, beautiful and i can feel their love in it! Good job BTS!!
This album is the proof of how much they've grown throughout the years. They've come so far... My tannies have come so far. They survived and they will survive any difficulties together as seven, as one. ARMYs will always have their back no matter what. Proof wraps up their chapter one. It contains 9 years of hard work. I'd love to see and witness how they will unravel their chapter two.
I really love the album,first it was my first full comeback as an army so it was a chance to listen to BTS old discography in one placeI'll be honest I hadn't listened to some BTS music before proof.It gave me a chance to understand and appreciate BTS different styles.From the new songs my favorite is Run BTS.I'd recommend giving it a listen.
PROOF is an amazing and give newer fans an occasion to experience BTS earlier work. This album really demonstrates the wide musically ranges that BTS possesses. There’s hiphop music, rnb, pop, etc The new songs (Yet to come, Run BTS, For Youth) are an amazing way to close the first chapter of BTS career. Looking forward to what they are releasing next
Most amazing anthology album ever. So proud of these boys. Combination of genres to please everyone’s ears. Amazing vocal and rap skills are shown. Record breaking album with love for fans, that what it is.
A beautiful history of the most successful kpop group of all time. Yet to Come is beautiful and nostalgic, while Run brings back the fun of precious Bts hip hop hits.
This album is so good that kpop stans who claim to hate BTS are tuning in as well
Proof is not just an anthology album but a chapter written for BTS. It takes the time to reflect on their decade-long career as astounding musicians and is dedicated to their fans, who have loved every moment of it. New tracks such as 'Yet to Come' and 'Run BTS' further cement their passion for music and drive to go even further. Additionally, 'Born Singer' and 'For Youth' are the reminders to Army around the world that they have every intention to walk this flowery path hand in hand into the unknown.
O álbum está incrível, todas as músicas escolhidas são perfeitas!Meus meninos são incríveis!
This album was so good !! Its an anthology album and its simply a proof that bts has not a single skip in their discography. Check out the lyrics of their new title track Yet To Come, i got goosebumps and it simply shows how much the band is dedicated to their music. And not to forget Run BTS is a hit !!
This album is really the PROOF of their story and artistry. I have already listened to their other tracks before but going through the songs again feels amazing. Listening to the songs made me look back on the past and hope for the future. Thank you for this anthology album!
Very well accumulated for a artist's Anthology album, Shows their range of genre. And lyrics seem to be very well written. Overall amazing experience felt like growing up with BTS all over again.
Just a casual listener, this was so amazing especially "Yet to come" and "Run BTS" was so amazing. Yet to come might hold really special corner in fans heart. I am not sure. I purchased the album for CD3. Honestly I am so amazed, their entire discography is so diverse.I Anthology album can't be made by any random artist. This album says alot about BTS. I recently read the lyrics of Yet to come. Honestly it says alot of BTS Character as a musician who isdevoted towards music and express their feeling in terms of music
one of the reasons why BTS is the biggest band in the world right now. Proof is a testament to BTS' musicality and talent. No one can deny that. Wish non-ARMYs can get hold of CD 3 but it's only for the BTSARMY tho.
PROOF story of the biggest band in the world! enjoyed every song! the lead single "Yet to come" is everything to me! "the past was honestly the best But my best is what comes next" give me hope and make me want to be a better version of me everyday
Best album, best song . The songs resemble their journey of their career. Their passions n love for music. I love run bts the most, its a bop
One of the best anthology album in history, hits after hits full of bangers.
For me it’s their best album to the date, honestly, BTS didn’t do it for charts but for ARMY.It’s a nostalgic album, only those who are ARMY know.
The best album out there , with their old songs and new songs, so many genres in one album , emotional song to poppy funky songs to rock vibes , it’s a full package!
I bought the album right when it came out on friday and i'm very satisfied about the quality ! My favorite track is yet to come. It really showcase what BTS has been up to the past years ! Well done BTS !
Simply brilliant! Proof has a wide variety of bangtan’s discography creating both a refreshing and nostalgic vibe to it. A truly recommendable piece of artistry from such a passionate and hardworking band! If you haven’t had the chance to dive into the world of bts, then this album is a great place to start considering it has all the “classics” as well as it shows you the bands beginning of their future and what’s Yet to Come.
This is such a nostalgic album!! Loved all the songs!! You can experience every kind of emotions in this. Beautifully produced album by one and only BTS!!
It's an album that recap all the journey BTS has been going through these 9 years. 3 brand new songs are included in the album that tell the feelings and anecdotes of 7 boys who are at the top and that a new chapter finally opens for them.
I heard about this album from a family friend, and after listening to it I just couldn't help but feel so many emotions at the same time, the thoughts in the lyrics are beautifully articulated and sucks you into the vortex of good music.
A fantastic album which takes u through emotional journey of BTS from their debut till now. This album is made with love from BTS to ARMY all over the globe who can enjoy and cherish.
The album is an anthology album filled with BTS best songs throughout the years and with four new songs being added. Overall it’s album filled with memories and to make new memories!
Add a review here for Proof, or submit with only a rating...this is album ARE AMAZING AS **** RUN BTS ARE CRAZY SUCKING EVERY ****ING THINK INSIDE ME WHILE LISTEN TO THAT TRACK HOW BTS ARE SO ****ING GOOD LIKE **** GOT ME HIGH ASF BTS DO PAVED THE WAY ABD KEEP MAKEING RECORDS
This is a great album that serves both as an introduction to the group for new listeners, but also as a retrospective for longtime fans. I enjoyed all the new songs, especially the mature ballad For Youth. The third CD is made up of demos and unreleased songs, which are a fascinating lookinto the changes some of the songs went through before they were finalized.
I really like the songs in the proof. good job BTS. I'm very happy with this album
It's so beautiful, all of them is amazing, lyric, meaning, album. I love it
Album with great hits, how can i not give them a 10/10!! Bts has truly the best discography and i hope more people will realize how amazing their music is.
This is album perfect , it shows how far they have come from their debut and their growth throughout the 9 years , I really loved the album.
BTS have everything - from soft, heartbreakingly beautiful ballads to fiery hip hop and rap. They excel with their vocal range, rap skills and harmonization. The most astonishing - and important - part of their music is their song's lyrics. Self love, fighting for your dreams, going your own path, love confessions for their ARMY - their lyrics truly have everything. The seven young men are incredible artists and musicians.
This album really proof the hard work of the bts members and the hits they made through these years, it's really a good album with alot of different geners i really like it
Loved proof! Its a summarisation of bts’ past 9 years of excellence in music and 3 new songs which encapsulate what’s next to come for their musical journey, showcasing their unmatched artistry once again
This song is story of their journey as artist musician idol who keep consistent to speak up about life or social issue.
an album that contains songs that reflects journey of Bangtan in 9 years their career. Contains old song form each era and to three new songs.
I love this album so much . The music is so good, the photos is so beautiful.
I really loved the album and the new songs . It expresses all the journey that bts have gone through the past 9 YEARS . The lyrics of the songs is comforting , powerful and really affecting i really like the whole album.
Very beautiful anthology album from the greatest group of our time, Bangtan Sonyeondan or known as BTS. A great choice for anyone who wants to explore their vast discography from their humble beginning 9 years ago. There are group and every member choice of songs also 3 new tracks that would make you won’t stop to listen to them. This is their whole journey as musicians, their honest and raw story, their blood, sweat, and tears, everything in ONE ANTHOLOGY ALBUM. The first chapter before they’re going to going forward facing anything in their next journey.
This Album is a beautiful gift to connect with the beginnings of the boys, their evolution, each letter allows us to feel and value each effort made! That is what good music should connect with the artist and feel part of it
I love the whole album, it's amazing! The lyrics are so good and meaningful and I loved it! BTS is an excellent artist.
Starting this album with the sample of ,born sinner, titled , born singer‘ and walking the listener trough all the different eras is just iconic. The titletrack of the album is just fitting. Also the other two new songs are just perfect. One sang for their fans starting with a concert audio sang by their fans and the other one brings just so much energy and shows how powerful they are. The second CD contains solo songs and b-sides which also fit perfectly in this anthology album.These guys truly know how to make a really good album.
Best anthology album yet every song from born singer to for youth describe their journey as musicians my fav is run BTS
The album is beautiful. The best thing that captures my notice is the order of placement of the songs in the album. The order tells to audience about their journey since they debuted till now. A must listen without any skips. And Run BTS is a very hip song. While Yet to Come their supposed title track also talks about their journey in a single song. Overall the album is wonderful.they really never disappoint with their music.
This album is awesome! This gave me a big nostalgia especially that I was stanning them since 2015. The new songs are super great and I am so excited what BTS could give more. I am excited for what is Yet To Come
This anthology is everything I had hoped for from the Bangtan Boys. A look back at their very special journey, through all their joys & hardships that took them to where they are now. They seem to want to say goodbye to the past, put some closure on the previous chapter of their lives, and Proof does that perfectly. I can’t wait to see what the future holds for them from here, a new chapter. I’m truly excited to continue supporting them with whatever they have planned. In their own words, “You and I, best moment is YET TO COME”
This album gives complete justice to its title PROOF.... The lyrics of Yet To Come and For Youth are just out of the world
The greatest from the greatest, It contains 9 years of BTS's Blood, Sweet &Tears
Produção incrível e letras maravilhosas. Com toda certeza eles conseguiram passar uma mensagem de força e superação neste álbum. Eu amei !!
This album was amazing all there old as well as new tracks in one album was so great, i love all the songs..the cd 3 tracks were truly a blessing
The best album so far from BTS, and those 3 new songs gives you various vibes. Yet to come and Run BTS are my favorite. really happy that they put Born Singer and chyper pt3 in this Anthology album. All songs are bops
This album is giving a nostalgic feeling about bts debut till now. They were right when they were saying that 'past is meeting the present'.I really hope that proof will keep breaking all the records.
the best anthology album so far. the new song RUN BTS is one of the most genius song in that album. i reccommend everyone to listen and read the lyrics without any prejeduice
A must have! This album is so well thought out and you can feel bts' personal touch in the choices included, if you are new to their music you may be surprised by how diverse their discography is, for ARMY it's a fun walk down memory lane. The 3 new songs WOW... Yet to Come is comfort, I think of it as "Life Goes On's happier sister" For Youth- emotional sincere and a beautiful song to ARMY. I love it. Run BTS....what can i say about this song.. pump it directly into my veins forever and I'll be just fine. Last but not least -CD 3 is such a nice addition, personally it's fascinating to hear the raw ideas for so many songs that I already love. One thing is for sure -BTS have always been top tier artist, they clearly have a deep love for music and they take their craft seriously. I'm looking forward to what's next for them.
this album managed to show the progress of their music and career throughout 9 years. they also showed off that theyre really diverse in terms of music and can pull off anything no matter what genre or style. definitely a great celebration for their 1st chapter can’t wait to see what else theyre gonna put out next
Being a 2020 Fan of BTS, This is a perfect album for me. I am able to revisit all their past songs with them and all there new songs are BOP. RUN BTS deserves a MV
Beautiful album, i feel so excited and you must listen their song. Beautiful
As BTS celebrates their 9th year together, Proof is a testament of their versatile artistry and power. Listening to Proof is journey through growth, self-love, the warm sense of family, hope and its immaculate power & more. Their title track "Yet to Come" feels like a promise and a confession at the same time. Beautiful and melodic.When they said this is only the ending of their first chapter, I was in awe. Can't wait to see what's next for Bangtan Sonyeondan! P.S. make sure you buy the album to listen to CD 3!
No one is doing it like them, they are so versatile. Am so happy for the album. Am so happy to see what's next for them....to be 9 years in there career and they release an anthology album...the FIRTS EVER KPOP GROUP...
Excellent! Entertaining! Quality! BTS did it again and gave us an amazing album with excellent songs! Their hard work and dedication is reflected all over this album!Just amazing!
Proof is such an Art which is constructed in a manner where BTS is showing how long they've come and how it was their best moment but they refuse to let it only be the best moment.They really want to show their best in future too coz obv the best is YET TO COME.Each and every song selected and made is in a such a chronological order where you can see see ththeur history and also a subtle hint of how they will never give and keep working. The lyrics , the message is so well crafted ...i can't help myself listening to this album over and over again.
This album represents their whole story! It shows excellently their versatility and their talents, especially to those who thought of bts' success like something inorganic and sudden, this is going to prove them wrong. BTS is not only super involved in their musicality and their crafts but also they are almost in their tenth year of career and the experience they have is outstanding. I am so proud of them and I'm so happy I discovered them.They are genuine and down to earth guys and they deserve all the success!!
It’s beautiful timeless incredible it’s their history their timeline they have grown so much it’s a beautiful beautiful album and I cant wait until I see what comes next this is their chapter 1 I’m so excited for chapter 2
This album is nostalgia in its purest form. It shows BTS diversity and musical talent very well. CD 3 is a true gem: it contains (among other things) unreleased demo-versions of some of their songs.The members of BTS are truly one of the most talented musicians of the 21st century.
Esse álbum é maravilhoso e muito coeso! Realmente uma obra de arte que merece mais atenção
For the ones who've been down this purple path for the longest time, listening to Proof is like walking down memory lane, reliving the eras that shaped the BTS we see at present. For the newcomers, this is an introduction to Bangtan and their journey as artists for the past 9 years.This album will give you a glimpse of their diverse discography and a summary of their growth musically. This is the proof that their success was built on talent, hardwork, authenticity, love for music and appreciation for the people that walked(and still walking) beside them to where they are now.
very good anthology album that bring the fans through bts carrier’s in a very good way
This is a spectacular album with a compilation of the group's handpicked tracks from their 9 years of career as musicians. This albums truely shows their versatility as an artist and denonstrates the range as musicians they can get. Not just a simple group but a group that makes music with their heart that reaches out to people no matter what the language it is.
Proof is a collection of BTS‘s musical history and proves once again that their incredibly diverse discography is worth listening to. The new and old songs, as well as the demos that are only available on CD are on repeat since Friday. As a fan, I‘m so proud of their journey as musicians and humans and will support them in their future projects.
The best anthology album ever. They express their journey very well, and I hope everyone look their behind stories to better understanding
É o bts tudo que eles lançam e bom, merece todos dos dez do mundo, amo vcs meninos
With Proof BTS have given the world a taste of the range and breadth of their music, as well as new songs. Yet To Come and For Youth are beautiful and moving. The playful Run BTS is a joy to listen to. Their music truly transcends language and cultural barriers. With this anthology BTS have shown us their quality - the very highest
What a wonderful album to sum up BTS career. They wanted to gift their fans with something special for the 9th anniversary. I really enjoyed the 3 new songs in it but enjoy even more travelling through all their eras in a a single album. And the success is already here. Not aiming for the charts but already breaking records
Been an Army for 4 years now, what I love about BTS in every comeback is that they never fails to give a good album..And PROOF proves it, YTC makes you look back from where they started yet they are still the same boys 9 years ago..Born Singer always makes me feel emotional,For Youth, gives me chills and one of my favorite RUN BTS song is an expression that BTS will continue to do their passion in music, no matter how many people will looked down on them!!Love hearing those songs since their debut days up to the present❤
An anthology album of their best hits and personal favourite plus CD only demos of earlier songs, Proof illustrates BTS' 9 year long journey, bookended with 3 new songs all with a different flavour. There is no doubt that the Album is for fans also known as the BTS ARMY but it is also a great initiation for newer listeners who have come to know BTS through their series of English songs and collabs in the last 2 years. At the same time it also serves as a summary of old and new songs for old fans. If the 35 song long discography doesn't do it for you, the 3 new songs, Yet to Come, RUN BTS and For Youth showcases the Korean bands versatility and genre-spanning sound.A recommendation would be to listen to the album in its original order to really enjoy the storytelling being done there.
It's anthology albumI really happy to have this albumThis album describes BTS and army journey in 9 yearsLuv BTS
I can't stop listening to the songs I have been shaking my ass with teary eyes since it's released
Best album! I loved this album, he is at the top of my favorites
This anthology album is amazing! The way BTS released their new, demo, and remastered song is beyond my expectations. They have always exceeded their fan's need and expectations. The album consist of 3 CD. They have 3 new songs, which are Yet To Come, their title track, Run BTS, the fans most favorite B-side, qnd For Youth. They also have a new song on the 3rd CD, Quotation Mark, and Young Love. This album is not only bringing back their past vibe, but also a reminder that they are still the same BTS , they are here for the music, and they will continue doing what they're best at.Fighting, BTS!
Como sempre meus meninos entregando tudoNove anos de muita história.. orgulho
It shows their growth from when they started until now, not a single skip in this album. This album showcases their versatility as artist and how diverse their music is. If you want to get into BTS, this album is a good option to get to know them.
one of the best albums ever. It beautifully compiles their growth artistically and in every way possible. their way of close one era for them was mind-blowing. the choises of songs and everything is just amazing
I really love this album, it's so special because it's the closing of a chapter and I can't wait for the new one, I'm very happy to have been with them in this important moment, i'm really in this bangtan sonyeondan thing for life.
One of the best albums so far. It makes my heart racing faster with beautiful emotions while listening
The best safe place for individual's souls in modern world. If you want to heal your wounds it's highly recommended.
Excellent. A celebration of a diverse and very interesting discography that explores various genres. A great experience!
This album is absolutely amazing I loved that Bts included all their hits through the years in it , it's so nostalgic
I LOVE this album. First of all, I think it takes a lot of courage to release your own demos in an Anthology album. This shows how vulnerable and sincere you are when you're crafting your art. It is also a possibility for both newer and older fans to reminisce the whole journey of BTS and it could be the occasion for whoever is curious about these artists to actually get to know their discography, from the most known title tracks to the other little gems hidden inside different albums. Hope you'll enjoy it as I did and still do!
Magnificent album!! — the songs were carefully hand picked from each era and tells a such a powerful story; it really showcases BTS’ amazing career and highlights their career well. Also really shows how broad their music and genres are over the last 9 years and I love how they included group songs, solos and sub units which add so much character and individual flair while still showing off BTS well known discography. The mix of demos, new songs and old is just perfection - a magical album, highly recommend!!
A jewel of an album that brilliantly showcases all of BTS's range over their 9-year career. Proof is both an excellent intro into the septet's artistry for newbies as well as an unabashed love letter to their longtime fans. The new tracks go from refreshing alternative hip-hop (Yet to Come) to sizzling rock (Run BTS) to tear-jerking fan song (For Youth).According to BTS, Proof marks the end of their first chapter. With such a marvelous album to herald the close of their last chapter, we can only look forward to what their next chapter has in store.
This anthology album reflects the nine-year history of BTS. If includes their greatest hits, songs chosen by them, and a disc of demos revealing to us their musical process and journey. The three new songs are beautiful, uplifting, and charismatic songs for their fans. It’s a perfect album to show those who only know some of BTS’ discography, those who have been fans for a long time, and those who are absolutely new to them. This is only chapter one of their legacy and the best is yet to come. Enjoy!
The album with different themes about bts career is spectacular, it's great to know more about the group and see how diverse they are and shows how much fandom matters to them. While giving a preview of what they are to the world, they honor those who have always been on their side: A.R.M.Y.
We're going through the discography of BTS, the past, the present and the new releases, their discography is so rich, many kind of genres. I love it!
This is probably the best album anyone could find. Every single song in the album is a masterpiece with best lyrics, production quality, vocals and rap. BTS is the best and this is the proof.The new songs are as always spot on and great. I am especially in love and obsessed with Run BTS. If you love music then Proof definitely would be your favorite.
this album is sooo good. good desain, good songs. soo pretty. and yet to come has a good meaning. love this album
This album Its img so amazing ¡¡ literally saved my life I love those guys with all my heart
Un album plein de nostalgie, qui nous prépare à un nouveau chapitre !! J'attends patiemment la suite !
This album is a masterpiece, I really like this album. The title track titled Yet To Come makes me feel emotional because it describes how they feel from debut until now
It’s an amazing album that shows BTS diverse discography the 4 new tracks 1 of them “Born singer” pre existed on SoundCloud, Yet to come is an anthem to the boys past it’s and how they moved forward and can’t wait to produce new bangers and just set the music industry up in flames. Can’t wait for Chapter 2
Every single song on this Album is FIRE!! Yet to Come and Run Bts are my FAVOURITES!! Can't wait for the Run MV!
This album in an anthology of all their works from 2013 to present.It is a collection of memories through their All time Hits where the members themselves also participated in songwriting, producing and composing tracks It literally represents the blood,sweat and tears of all the 9 years they worked hard and created music.Not just as an ARMY,but as an individual their music has been my happiness. Thank you for loving and livin' music bts you literally saved me
As a fan that’s been listening to BTS for over 6 years, this album means so much to me. I love how all the special songs over the eras are included and how much they mean to us as they do for the boys. Yet to come, For youth and Run BTS are such beautiful songs and I’m so proud to be a part of the fandom and to be along this journey with BTS.
One of the best anthology albums ever made, so proud of the biggest act of the last years !
Amazing album! 10/10 good music ❤️‍
Realmente ame el álbum, ni siquiera tengo palabras para describirlo. Las nuevas canciones fueron preciosas.
proof THE album aoty album of the year bts destroyed its really amazing bts kill it all the bets artists in the world cmonn
Amazing legendary album can't get over it i can listen to it for the rest of my life. Love the album
the album is perfect, the songs are beautiful without counting the incredible production and impeccable aesthetics of the album. BTS are amazing and deserve all this success and recognition for being a group so known worldwide and for being great artists, they go far.
The discography of BTS over span of 9 years is wide. The songs in this anthology album covers only a snippet of their songs. The 3rd cd are never before heard demos of some of their hit songs. A very special treat for ARMYs who are very familiar with their songs. The 3 new songs Yet to Come, Run BTS and For Youth show case their versatility in their singing and producing. Their song Ddaeng would have been great to be on this album. They are singing in their native language, Korean, with some English words. Their word play in their lyric writing is phenomenal so when hear them rap or sing you can't help but to fall in love it.
I love BTS. They widen my music taste. I'm not really into hip-hop, but now I acknowledge how good it can be when it's done right. Now with their new song 1)Yet to Come, an alternative hip-hop song, 2) Run BTS-an upbeat song that makes my heart rate beat faster, i wanna loop the song but I don't want to waste the stream, 3) For Youth is such a sweet song, sounds like a valentine song. It has a 3/4 beat that make you want to dance with your partner. It's so good. BTS is genre-agnostic. They love making different genre and their fans coined the BTS pop and they were not wrong. The BTS men are some of the greatest artists in this generation.
O melhor álbum do mundo!!!!BTS não tem uma música ruim,amei demais, principalmente run BTS
One of the best albums by BTS. They recreated their entire career in just one comeback in addition to the other 3 news songs which give varieties of flavors to the versatility of BTS.
Proof by BTS is such a good anthology album! It's full of masterpieces! Thank you BTS for giving us this great anthology album.
This anthology is the greatest thing that happened this year to me. Something about it's message, the lyrics they conveyed in this especially on the 3 new tracks is just very personal and special to me. I'm so grateful to have my ears blessed with this masterpiece, a proof that bts' discography really is TIMELESS!
This is the best album, your new songs are amazing. BTS worked hard and delivered a perfect album
9 years of thier legendary artistry wrapped in this album. you are in for a total ride if you have just known them at the surface level. music at its finest.
BTS anthology album is the album with so meaningful and inspiring lyrics with history of bts past song until now to remember when they from. Really amazing album
This album has a beautiful,meaningful and emotion behind each track. It is presenting what happened for bts in the past, how they survived their hard situations and how they are standing here not only this but also how they are going through future by turning the last page of chapter one to next chapter.
Proof is a testament to BTS' immaculate discography. Listening to the songs on Disc 1, you can see how they evolve as artists over the years. Disc 2, captures their individual taste in music. Disc 3, gives you a glimpse on the amount of work they put in behind each and every song they put out. The 3 new songs show their versatility as artists, different genres but still you can feel the emotion.
Very beautiful album. Love song sequence, demos were fun to listen. There three new songs just blow my mind. Run BTS reminds me of We are Bulletproof pt 1.great album
This album is proof of the hard work and sincerity of BTS and ARMY have witnessed and felt through the years.
i really love this album!!
Proof no sólo revisita la trayectoria de BTS a través de los varios éxitos lanzados bajo su nombre a lo largo de sus 9 años de carrera, sino que también la describe y la celebra mediante Yet to Come, Run BTS y For Youth. El crecimiento del grupo desde sus inicios ha sido duro y se ha enfrentado a distintos obstáculos los cuales ha podido enfrentar con éxito gracias a su perseverancia, trabajo duro y amor por la música; así como a la cercana relación que mantiene con sus fans a quiénes dedica la canción For Youth, en agradecimiento por su constante apoyo y fé en la música que el grupo escribe, compone y produce. Run BTS por otro lado reconoce el duro trabajo y resitencia del grupo a lo largo de su recorrido a pesar de las dificultades, y expresa su determinación a seguir corriendo y avanzando a través de las balas sin que les derribe una sola. Finalmente Yet To Come le da la bienvenida al siguiente capítulo en su carrera, agradecidos por los logros obtenidos durante los últimos 9 años (como sus primeras dos nominaciones al grammy, diversos #1 en las listas de música más importantes de todo el mundo y los 784 premios que los han colocado como el 4to acto musical más premiado en la historia); y tan ansiosos como emocionados por conocer lo que les depara en el siguiente viaje. Proof además de reconocer la carrera a prueba de balas del grupo surcoreano, presenta los clásicos de Bangtan Sonyeondan, que demuestran que BTS no surgió de la nada y que no es tan sólo un grupo más del momento; y si de momento se trata, el de BTS no tiene planeado acabarse en un largo tiempo.
Amazing album and great musicReally hook to listen to it everydayBTS really made a great masterpiece Their whole discography is on fire
it's one of my favorite BTS albums so far. yet to come (title track) is mature, calm yet pretty refreshing song and RUN BTS (b-side) becomes my all-time favorite in blink of an eye. Good job!
I'm not even a fan but let me say that this album is very good, well done guys
The opportunity to experience BTS' nine-year journey through this anthology is a gift. Their whole discography is truly unparalleled -- the exploration of deep themes and different genres, the songs meant to lift people up in hard times, the sheer beauty of it all -- reflect who they are as people and how much their fans mean to them. PROOF includes the best of the best. The new tracks, Yet to Come, Run BTS, and For Youth, are a poignant end of one era and beginning of another. Truly a must-listen album.
From beginning to end - the best! Captures the 10 year journey of BTS from the early struggles to the top of the industry. Old favorites, unreleased work, demo cuts and four new songs. Cannot stop listening to Run BTS. They are bulletproof!
A nice album to close the first chapter of the group’s career and start a new one. The title track Yet To Come sums up the theme of this album perfectly, the vocal and rap performance, as well as the lyrics and melody is gorgeous. My personal favorite: for youth.
this album really shows the growth and the journey of BTS, I'm so proud of them ♡
The album is literally a work of art, the meaning of each song is emotional and tells them 9 years of history!! My favorite song is run bts yess run bulletproof run!! Thank u bts amazing album
This is the best Anthology Album EVER! Full of Hit songs, congratulations BTS
This album is absolutely immaculate. It clearly shows the past, present, and future of BTS. And I get chills every single time I listen to Yet to Come. It's such a profound song that makes me excited of what's in store for us and for BTS. And Run BTS is literally THAT song with vocal runs that have me going insane and the LYRCISM!! BTS proved themselves with this anthology album.
This is one of the best album it really reflects the growth of bts from debut to now...it is the real proof that their discography is so diverse. Every song in this album is a bop. And the three new songs yet to come run bts and for youth these songs are real incredible like yet to come is a complications of their journey starting from no more dream to hyyh and every song , run bts is a fast rhythm energetic song perfect for hyping anybody up, and the for youth song is a song they dedicated to the army's...with these songs again they prove that they can perform every genre of music perfectly. In short proof is the album reflecting bts journey from their debut their hardwork and succes everything.
It wraps up their entire 9 years of music career. They even established that the root for all of these is music and their love towards it. Of course there is an infinite amount of love BTS shows towards army and it has been conveyed in such a beautiful manner here. I'm now ready to see what's next.
It is the best album. The title yet to come is so good. And not only the title the other b-sides are very very very much good. I think you should listen to it.
One of the best Anthology albums. It's a reflection of their 9 year career where they broke world records and set new paths in the history of pop music. The collection of songs show bts's versatility as artists ranging from hiphop to pop ballads. Their 3 new songs are them reminiscing and setting up their future in music. BTS never fails to impress.
Such a beautiful album representing BTS growth as an artist. Gives such a nostalgic feelings.
Une masterpiece. Cette anthologie retrace parfaitement le parcours effectué par les Bangtan Boys depuis leurs débuts en 2013. Outre 4 titres inédits, tous leurs titres principaux s'y trouvent (cd1), on y trouve également un titre solo pour chacun des membres ainsi que des subunits et des démos (cd2 et 3).
This anthology album will, in ten or twenty years time, be seen as a reminder BTS at their best. They have yet to peak, and peaking will be wholly on their own terms. They reshape the music Industry they dominate by playing at their own rules and by inspiring millions. Don't be mistaken: old-fashioned ideas of who 'the general public' is, is nothing but code for 'Old Whyte Men'. As if BTS needs their approval. Proof is a masterpiece because it was compiled by the members themselves while looking critically and fondly at their past selves. A song like RUN BTS is an older bangtan speaking to their younger counterparts. For Youth is an ode to a love greater than romantic love. And Title track Yet To Come is a soft hip hop ode to growing up and past regrets, future regrets, self doubt and self assurance. Duality like only BTS can cram around a soulful beat and earwormy hook. I will treasure this album and can only hope a new generation will find this album in their parents, or aunts and uncles shelves and unearth this treasure trove of wisdom, humor and love.
As a fan who only joined their journey 2 years ago, i felt like i missed out on many of their experiences. But this album takes me through their journey, from the beginning, to where they are now. This album is proof of how far they have come, proof of much they have been through, proof of their hard work. Proof showcases their versatile music talents, and how they connect with their fans through the years. This album is proof of their love to their fans. An amazing album. Beautiful collection of songs. Just marvellous.
This anthology album perfectly defines how far they've come since the past 9 years. It also sheds light on their vast and extremely versatile discography. This anthology album is really a proof of their impeccable artistry and musical skills. Opening with born singer this album delves into how they were meant to be capable musicians and the album certainly don't let those expectations of yours down. Not enough words to praise their extremely capable artistry. This album does nothing but solidify that notion even further.
absolutely amazing!! everything about this new album is so good!! you can tell they worked really hard on this and i love it! the new songs are sooooo goooddd! thank you BTS for all your hard work on this AMAZING album!!
This album especially the old songs bring me a lot of pleasant memories. The new songs really have healing materials.
BTS or Bulletproof Boy Scouts, the biggest band in the world, has released their anthology album "Proof" and I can say this has had me on an immaculate hold as I listen to the entire album atleast twice everyday. The perfect blend of nostalgia and 3 new tracks which reflect on their hardwork and past, BTS has once again outdone themselves as musicians because we are well aware BTS' competition is BTS themselves. There is a reason they are the biggest group across the globe and the album is the proof. I would 100% recommend for those who want to explore not just one genre but astonishing mix of many, to cry a little and dance a little. Also, I can never ever have enough words to describe and fawn over their commendable penmanship!
loveeeeee! BTS IS everything to me. They changed my life. Since I met they, I don't have one bad day. They are my family, my love. And the best moment is yet to come
absolutely amazing album with insane range and artistic excellence . It shows how the past meets the present and they have no skips
This is an amazing song of bts .. it gave me the memory from me being an army to these much days. I have travelled lot with them. Thank you so much BTS for helping me from all my depressed stages. Thank you soooooooooo muchhhhhhhhhhhh
The three new songs show exactly how bts feels right now. Yet to come talks about their journey forward and how although they've had a great journey the best is yet to come. RunBTS is an upbeat hiphop songs where they vent their frustrations and struggles they've been through. Finally For Youth is a song dedicated to their fanbase ARMY who has always stuck by their side and supported them throughout. It's a love ballad to the fans and the first 30 seconds includes the audio from their concert with the fans singing along to the song'young forever' another fan favorite song special to bts as well.
Isso é uma obra de arte, a profundidade como eles demonstram na música, como se expressam e transmitem esse amor ao seus fans, bts é único.
A timely album that showcases BTS creativity and invites one to explore their body of work thus far. It makes one excited about music and being a fan of music. Thank you BTS.
Yet to Come includes nostalgic references from their past music and music videos which tugs to the hearts of the listeners. Additionally, it conveys hope and a drip of excitement where they reassure us that there's still next. They're not yet done. They will create music because they love music. Not because of the labels and awards they have been receiving (which was quite a burden) In the end, it's their love for each other, their fans and ARMYs. Run BTS IS A BANGER. Rapline and Jungkook killed this one. The flow, the bass, the lyrics and the vocal line plus that HOSEOK PART altogether made this such a bop. I honestly can't stop listening to it. For Youth is a declaration of love. We are in this together. as their fandom, ARMY, and them as Bangtan. My love for them is endless. I love this album SOOOO much i wish i can buy more than 2 copies
If that isn't the perfect way to end the first chapter of their musical journey. Really looking forward to look at the next chapter they've prepared
I listened to all the new songs and I have to say this is my favourite album so far. bts just never stops getting better their music is constantly evolving with them and I love how we can see their evolution in this anthology.
I loved it, BTS never let me down. there are few songs but it was exactly what I was needing at the moment, thanks BTS, great work.
Esse álbum demonstra toda trajetória desses 9 anos do BTS como grupo. O CD 1 explorando as músicas títulos deles, demonstrando versatilidade musical dos membros, além da adição da inesquecível Born Singer e Yet to Come. O CD 2 com músicas de escolha de cada membro e com a adição de Run BTS que demonstra o quanto eles tiveram que correr para conseguirem seu espaço. O CD3 vom demos e For Youth demonstrando seu amor pelos fãs. Mais um trabalho impecável do BTS e não há nada melhor para fechar o capítulo 1 da trajetória deles Ansioso pelo .o que virá no capítulo 2, afinal o melhor está por vir
The album consist of their 9 years journey as a musician and bandmates. Their love for music, their member and ARMY. It’s the closure of our chapter 1 and the beginning of our chapter 2. The album is the recollections for ARMY whoare there for them from the beginning and time capsule journey for new ARMY.
A great album that walks listeners (ARMY and casual listeners and the GP) about the story of BTS. Their story is in the songs, and it's a great introduction for those who are new, and it's a walk down memory lane for long-time ARMYs! It shows the artistry and musical intelligence of the group, and it shows how BTS has grown and matured but at the same time stayed true to who they are and their love for making music.Please check this album out and give it a listen! It's definitely worth your time!
A thrilling journey into the sound of bts, this anthology album was a way for the pop Superstars to introduce their expansive and excellent discography to newer fans and to celebrate their 9 year journey as a group.
What an outstanding album! BTS never disappoint and continue to create an amazing music!
Lyrics wise, message heartfelt, vocals and rap techs perfect, composition world class!!
Proof is honestly a masterpiece. What a beautiful anthology album! There are songs on this album from the past 9 years. It’s filled with beautiful memories of BTS and their fans ‘ARMY’. The title track ‘Yet To Come’ is also such a beautiful song. I watched the music video and it’s giving a lot of nostalgia since it has BTS’ past music videos references. To be honest, those aren’t just past references or props but a look back on BTS’ journey as well. All the tracks on Proof including the 3 new songs are really incredible. When you’ll listen to the album from track 1 to to track 35 you’ll feel like you’re reliving the past 9 years with BTS. A lot of those beautiful memories from the past will be on your mind and that’s a feeling that I cannot describe. Thank you BTS for releasing this phenomenal anthology album. It’s a proof of BTS’ journey with themselves and ARMY
The album PROOF shows the groups proof of their hard work, perseverance, and passion throughout these amazing 9 years! The entire journey of BTS and ARMY was magical until now and will remain close and pure forever. The Most Beautiful Moment is Yet to COME
3 beautiful new songs among their greatest old ones, Run BTS alone deserves a grammy. Go stream.
I'm listening to this album and thinking there's really no better "Proof" of these 7 individuals' amazing artistry than this. A carefully selected collection of songs than shows exactly why they are the kings of 21st century pop. Each era they provided something new all while staying true to their roots and their love for great music, and the new songs on this album is a loud testament of that. Yet to Come never stopped moving me to tears with each listen thanks to its heartfelt and raw lyrics, Run BTS is so BTS in its energy and its unexpected turns and changes and finally For Youth makes sure to remind you of BTS' unchanging love and gratitude to their fans, the reason they are where they are today.Years from now, owning this album will be like owning a priceless piece of art that would be passed from generation to generation, a piece of legacy that speaks loud of the greatness of BTS.
This album is a beauty, shows the growth of BTS and how far they've come. It also holds the promise and many better things yet to com
Proof is an anthology album all the songs from this album are so good with a great meaning . Their vocals are so powerful and beautiful . I totally recommend you to buy this album , it's so good !!!
BTS discography since debut makes me feel so proud and Run BTS is my new fav song
This really good album, I love this album so much. I think this album of the years ☺️
Bener2 worth it to buy and hear sie, kek emang sebagus itu anjir. Semua lagunya tuh punya makna yang dalemmmm bangett pokoknya sukaa bgtt
A brilliant package! my top songs in one album, the vibes are different, we have a song for every theme and feeling :) genius lyricism
It's a rich treasure of songs that refer to the entire journey of BTS, the songs are chosen by the members so clearly the songs that have marked them the most. We can only be proud of them and appreciate each sound. The new songs are a real pleasure for the ears can't wait to see it in concert. be proud Army
This Album is the evidence that BTS are the best Artists and they will never stop being the best. The melodies, the lyrics are top tier, the rap flow, the cadences. BTS know their Stuff. This Album made me reminisce and love them even more
Im new and i can’t believe there are musicians exist like them .ITS SO BEAUTIFUL AND SHOWS THEIR HARDWORK .they motivate me to do hardwork too . I have never accepted my self until they came in life its been only one month .i have accepted myself and not to look at others what feels good to me it’s fine .Im so thankful to these boys .May god bless you
It's just so good, and you guys MUST listen to that new album of BTS: PROOF !!!
The bts proof album shows their talent in creating good music and writing the lyrics. They show 9 years of their most successful songs and added 3 new ones that are just as good or even better. BTS never disappoints.
GREATT ALBUMM, i like how they used demos and unreleased songs. i would say my favourite is run bts. their vocals are really great especially the the rappers were on a roll with this one! loved it.
The album tell about the journey of them as an artists. CD one and two have amazing bangers and fans favourite the last have the insight of them making music. overall this album have everything!
The album is soo goodTheir vocals are so different from one another but if we combine them then it's perfect I have no words to talk about their rap
The best anthology album ever. They're always give their best in music even in this 9th years career. So proud of them!The best is yet to come.
This album shows how great BTS's discography is and the new songs Yet to Come, Run BTS (my favorite ), For Youth and Born Singer are just too good, they went to their roots while creating them because the hip-hop in it just reminded me 2013-2015 BTS. Very happy with the content of the album too, the photobook and pcs. Loved it all.
I listened to all of the songs, and I want to to say these boys are so talented!!! I specially liked "Run BTS" this song was on another level good!!! I recommend everyone to listen to this album; it surely doesn't disappoint ;)
Love this new album! Being a casual listener, this is a great introduction to their catalog. I didn't know they had such great music.Yet to Come sounds fresh and different from other music I've heard. Run BTS is a fun song I could listen to over and over. And WOW For Youth..I never expected that that kind of emotion in a song . After hearing that it's for their fans, what musicians say this to their fans so intimately?
A testamwnt to BTS extraordinary journey. And a promise that the best is yet to come from the biggest pop group in the world
It’s the best album army can have It’s the best album I can have It’s the best album we can have
The best album to ever exist. BTS are the best and most talented artists in the world
so so SO GOOD! Run BTS is by far my favorite song on the album. This compilation album really exemplifies how talented, genuine, and ingenious BTS really is. Although most of the songs are songs we’ve heard before, listening to them in this order, hearing BTS change and grow over the years, feels fresh and inventive. Fighting BTS!!
Excellent album that shows amazing versatility. Starting with their debut song, BTS guides the listener throughout the years to their most recent songs. It's incredible to listen to the variety of content they have provided over the years! This album is very special and I recommend listening to it.
This perfectly shows that one artist can be versatile would multiple genres and still sounds very much what they are. It encompasses growth and artistry which is impressive in all aspects.
A wonder for those who start listening to BTS and for those of us who have been with them for a long time, it transports us to all those emotions that we live with them.
All of the songs in this album are amazing especially run BTS, yet to come, born singer, butter, blood sweat and tears and dynamite. Totally loved it.
Very good music quality, sound, and all togetherness. They did very good with this anthology album and got some good picks in there.
It's the best album. It summarizes all their journey as a whole. It doesn't just have good songs but also good message with so much hard work put into these songs. I'm proud to be alive and to have the chance to listen to this masterpiece ❤️
All the songs are so good "Yet to come" is like a soft hiphop song(idk how to explain this)but it reminisce bts history it explains the whole PROOF anthology album.I'm only saying the three new songs."Run BTS" is like a rock and hiphop fuse genre it's so good one of my favs."For youth" is a song dedicated to their fans 'armys' and the bts members(pls read the lyrics so u can understand)I LOVE IT SO MUCH ALBUM OF THE YEAR ALREADY
Damnnnn this album is everything!!Im so in love with the 'song 'run bts' and yeah yet to come too is so emotional, the lyrics everything and their old discography is top tier songs to ever exist!!Wishing the best for BTS and ARMY!!
Yesterday I was shopping at a grocery story when I suddenly slipped up on a banana peel, I thought I was gonna fall but I was listening to the proof album with my headphones and magically I started to float thanks to the power of this album and it was kind enough to pay for what I bought too. It was an amazing experience which I will never forget thank you Proof album
This album is like a gift that the boys sent us. So comforting and refreshing
Proof is the best gift for ARMY in their 9th Anniversary. We got Yet To Come as a very positive song. And Run BTS that will burn the fire in our heart, and also For Youth as a gift for ARMY. This album is full of appreciation for their old music till their new music!! Love this so much
showcasing their legacy, anthology album Proof signifies the beginning of a new chapter in BTS' career. the album consists three new brand songs including the captivating pop ballad title track Yet To Come, with older songs fans know and love such as Born Singer that wasn't on streaming platforms pre-release. a personal favorite among these new tracks is Run BTS which displays impressing vocal performances from the members. Proof successfully marks the group's new beginning while assuring the fans that this is not the end.
I'm in love with this album. It is such a beautiful showcase of bts, both old and new. As well as a nice reminder of what drew me to them in the first place. Super excited for chapter 2.
I've been an ARMY since Dynamite came out and I've since then researched BTS whole discography, from their group songs and albums to their individual work. I'm glad I found them, as them as people and their message is one of self-love, acceptance and positivity. This anthology album is no exception: Yet To Come looks back at how far they've come and opens the door on the future, whereas the other songs celebrate their achievements and are a message to ARMY. CD 3 is amazing, with so many demos and 2 new songs! I got the standard version and I'm so happy with my purchase. If you've come this far in my review, please try to listen to BTS music with no prejudice, they have songs in so many different genres and always great messages, you won't regret it!
Proof album Connect Love between BTS and Army from beginning until now..Army Will always continue supporting BTS no matter What..
This album is a journey on itself. A great way of experiencing BTS's career and growth through 9 years and the new tracks are proof of how diverse their discography is, showcasing BTS's view of past, present and future, reassuring the fans there's much yet to come.
I listened to the whole album and came to realise that they payed homage to their journey and their fans the ARMY , 9 years in the industry where they achieved remarkable things including 2 Grammy nominations in a row and many global awards and this album was a closure to their 1st chapter can't waot to see what they're planning for the future
an incredible album showing you the journey of bts so far, love all the songs that the members chose for this anthology album and the newest songs that were released had me on an emotional roller coaster ride, it’s a way for a lot of new fans to discover songs they may not have heard before and for old fans to relive through the memories of songs they know and love, overall extremely happy with this release
If you are a new army, this is must listen. Feels like a journey with BTS from their debut til now.
This album has the best lyrics, shows the beautiful songs of the artist. Have a wonderful meaning and a lot of songs are self-produce which made ‘Proof’ more incredible and special. The songs have an amazing rhythm and can make you dance the whole time, I really enjoy listening to this beautiful and incredible album.
This album mark as another milestone and a celebration for BTS. And I think this album is giving such a nice contents where we could revisit BTS journeys and growth through the past few years since they debut until they become the biggest group in the world right now. Especially seeing how people still mostaken as the new group based on their appearance in the US on BBMA on 2016.Cheers, this is their PROOF!
Finally Born singer is officially released..so happy for it..The title track gave me life goes on vibes at the start but it really is nostalgic and yet to come is really a great song which explains the whole BTS history in a single then that would be yet to come..The other new songs Run BTS and for youth are really good and especially run BTS, i didn't expect this song to be this good honestly but it's such a jam and i am listening to it very much and Honestly looking back at the whole discography in the album I can confirm that BTS has a zero skip discography
This is such a nice album the lyrics of the 3 new singles are amazing and the songs are so beautiful and soft I'm in love.
BTS have really become legends & they really have people from the East to the West itching to see what's next! An anthology album is the perfect way to move on & show the industry what they are really about. BTS history is one for the books, I mean how many artists can actually do stadium tours worldwide without radio and what people call the "gp." Because of BTS, the "gp" get converted to Army. Became an Army near the release of Dynamite. What really solidified me to becoming an army was "save me." When I became a fan I quickly dived into their discography & admired the different genres & styles in lyricism, dances, vocals, and rapping. This album will allow new fans to take a quick look on BTS history. The four new tracks are so good & very different from eachother and each new track displays a good image on what BTS are about. The hidden tracks on CD 3 are great for armys. Most groups don't release slower ballad tracks as their title track, but BTS aren't worried to play with it because they know they will get a hit regardless.
This is one of the best albums of all time! It only has hits. Totally worth buying and listening to it
The album is very good and amazing. Yet to come sounds so hopeful and the vocals are good. I really love run bts, it is very energetic and it is a danceable song. For youth are for armys and it is so sweet. Born singer talk about BTS and what their dreams are, it is a very good song. I am still in love with their old songs. The album is a bop!.
Anthology really is a fine eulogy of their work and what they stand for , the new tracks are amazing. YET TO COME beautiful song and a song you will like to listen to frequently ,very soothing. RUN BTS, the best song according to my taste loved it way too much ,an earworm amazing rao delivery and lyrics ,very stylish and btsesque . FOR YOUTH and YOUNG LOVE both pretty songs giving you sweetness .
#TheMostBeautifulMoment is listening to the amazing masterpiece #YetToCome by our Precious 7 #BTS the lead track in the album #BTS_Proof The lyrics...The vocals.. Everything just blended perfectly...Thank you Bangtan
This anthology album are very special and meaningful to BTS and ARMY. The concept photo and all the tracklist top tier. BTS work really hard on making this album and they deserve a huge achievement for this album. I'm so glad that i pre-order this album and it's really turned out really good.
Proof is an Anthology album providing insight of their vast discography consisting of different genres.It includes three new songs along with Born Singer, inspired by J.Cole's Born Sinner, which was previously available on soundcloud.
This album perfectly encapsulates nine years of love, hardship and triumph. It also holds the love BTS have for one another, their ARMY and most of all, their music. This is BTS in one complete package, ready to say goodbye to their past and open up the door to the future. I am so proud of them cause this album is full of our stories. Things only we would know as ARMY. Stories told at every Festa and talk. Moments cherished. This is a living testament to who we are to the world and to each when they said it never happened. Proof is the evidence that they existed and every story is real.
Proof has blown me away. Not only does it include highlights of BTS career spanning the last 9 years, but also includes new songs and demos. The new songs, “Yet to Come,” “For Youth, and “Run BTS,” plus a re-release of “Born Singers” are all amazing. I can’t decide which I like best!
I’m a J.Cole fan I heard that they sampled one of his songs so I came here after listening to it and the whole album.. I didn’t know that BTS had this in them they’re talented and rap so well too the second verse in born singer was different and unmatched btw so shoutout to that dude
This Anthology is a masterpiece. I am positively surprised with their new pieces (Yet To Come, Run BTS and For Youth). The remaining part of the album takes a listener for a BTS journey, from band's earliest releases to the newest singles. It shows raw songs of teenage guys with big dreams (example: No More Dream, N.O., Born Singer) and layered structures of men who got to achieve those dreams with their hard work (example: Yet To Come). Digital albums offer two hours of music and it is advised to listen to them in the order that is listed as group always pays attention to this detail.CD 1 is a set of pieces that are important to the BTS as their major steps in their history. This part tells a story of the septet as a whole. For example there is I Need U that scored them their first award in domestic music programs. Then on CD 2 each member got a chance to choose two songs. Their pick is always on the point. We can see their individual grow in the band.Completed with CD 3 that is full of demo tracks and drafts from their past, it is a great gift, a 9-10 years worth of systematic production. For Youth being a gift for their fans ARMY (title is a nudge towards the fans, because the name is an abbreviation of Adorable Representative MC >for Youth
I just love this album. I love how they make some amazing and unique songs everytime.
It's a brilliant album from BTS! Containing their lead tracks from their 9 years of musical history along with 3 new songs and cool demos. It's great for long time fans and for anyone new who wants to check out their music.
PROOF is the best album it collects all of tannies hit songs their memories and the 3 new songs are BANGER I love it so much
Beautiful anthology. Goes through all the different stages of their 9 years of work. The new tracks placements on the CDs complete the stories in such a wonderful way. The first CD starting with Born Singer and ending with Yet To Come is such a nice touch to their story. Run BTS has such exciting strong energy and For Youth is just wonderful to end the whole anthology with. a beautiful song for BTS and ARMY. I recommend buying the physical album to listen to CD 3's amazing demos!
Love this anthology album so much. This album shows the growth of BTS as a group and their their growth as a passionate musicians. The lead single Yet To Come - the lyrics reflect that their past was a best moment but the their beautiful moment is yet to come. Talking about the MV - the MV shows the key part of their previous MVs which so heartwarming. The song Run BTS is literally just a whole bop, the lyrics, the melody and the genre is just amazing. Lastly, is the For Youth - a song for army, it made me so much emotional it's so sweet and beautiful song. I love my best friends so much. 10/10 for this album!
The perfect anthology album which effectively highlights BTS' musical diversity and capabilities. Must listen for new and old fans alike!
This album is perfect for everyone who's willing to know BTS. However, it's an album created for army, their fans, as it generates nostalgia for the recapitulation of the entire history of the band, which has been accompanied by the fans.
this album deserves alot of rewards, awards, trophies, and more. very meaningful album, really deserves the hype!
they never failed to amaze with their wonderful music.. This anthology album is a masterpiece indeed
Un très bon album qui comprend tout le parcours de l'artiste. Les chansons sont tellement belles avec des paroles profondent
this album is very beautiful, besides being an anthology, its 3 new songs are remarkable, Yet to come is beautiful and my god RUN BTS is so good to hear, For Youth is a song that makes you cry so beautiful.
This is the best album ever...Thank you BTS for this precious gift to us Armys...The best is Yet To Come...
I don't know about y'll but I need whatever that crack they mixed in Run Bts in my veins and soul
Proof is the most meaningful and special album in the BTS discography. They bravely showed how they grew and developed. They came from the bottom to the highest with their blood, sweat and tears. They worked really hard and this album is amazing.
This was a journey from start to finish. Disc 1 alone takes you on a journey along with their whole career up to date. Disc 2 gives you insight into how they feel about their music and how in tune they are with their fans, picking fan-favorite songs to display their artistry. Disc 3 was a gift bearing demos fans have been begging for for years, showing how talented they are as even the demos could be singles off any album. This was truly a well-thought of piece of art.
The songs are so beautiful I can see they put a lot of effort into them. My personal favorite is run Bts, for youth, DNA & epiphany demo version and form the old songs born singer & of course no more dream. I wanna add that I really like how they arranged the song. I’m proud to witness such a thing. Let’s walk together till the end I became an army in 2018 and probably that’s the best decision I’ve made so I’ll walk with you till the end
It’s a celebration of the BTS’s incredible discography from their debut up to the present. The title track “Yet To Come” is a stunning tribute to their previous eras while making a commitment to their fans that they will continue moving forward creating beautiful music. Run BTS is an upbeat track modestly boasting what made them successful and last throughout the years. For Youth is a touching fan song reminiscent of the earlier boy groups. Stunning vocals and smooth rap. It also has Born Singer, a reinterpretation of Born Sinner by JCole. Released a week after their debut in 2013, it is amazing to see them finally able to release the song officially. And the rest of the tracks are a wonderful glimpse to their evolution as artists and what made their fans stand by them and support them theought the years.
The album starts with BORN SINGER and the echo chorus at the end is so beautiful. No more dream is the band's debut song which now gives nostalgia.The lead songs of every era since past 9 years then go with flow with the title track Yet to come at last of cd1.The lyrics and references to old Mv scenes is beautiful. RUN BTS is their Best song of cd2 and "good music got them, good team goddammit" IS SUCH A POWERFUL LINE.With various solo songs the album continues to give different unique flavors of each members.Dive into it you wont regret.For youth is the last song which is mesmerizing with "young forever" army voice in the start and goes so smoothly i let out a sob damn I can play it in my wedding.The cd3 is full of demo versions of various old songs and TONY MONTANA WITH JIMIN IN IT OH GOD damn love it.Also release epiphany demo version on STREAMING PLATFORM PLEASE I BEG IT IS SO GOOD.LOVE THE WHOLE ALBUM AND YES THIS IS THEIR PROOF!!
BTS presented us with the best album of this year. It contains 3 new songs, each of them carries different feelings. The album includes 9 years of their efforts and fatigue and how they reached this stage of development. The main song has abundant meanings that take you to the world of bts through time and the song RUN BTS carries music The amazing, enthusiastic pop. It is truly a legendary song that will not be repeated by all the members who performed it professionally. As for For Youth, it is an ARMY song. When you start listening to it, it brings nostalgia and emotion to you and brings back memories of ARMY with BTS. Let us agree that this album is a masterpiece of BTS.
From the very first hip-hop-inspired debut track No More Dream, a rebellious cry for a South Korean youth drowning in expectations, to the album BE exploring the emotional rollercoaster we've all lived through during the covid years, Bangtan Sonyeondan (or BTS) has always sought to write truth to power, to society, to their fans and to themselves. The monumental release of their aptly named anthology Proof is a milestone few musicians reach and the oldest member has yet to reach the age of 30.The 3 CDs each have a distinct purpose: CD1 is a chronological order of their lead singles, CD2 contains 1 subunit song and 1 solo song chosen by each member and CD3, only available with a physical copy as an exclusive gift to their enormous fan base ARMY, is an intimate collection of unreleased tracks and demos. Each CD has a new official track and CD1 starts out with Born Singer, a 2013 rewritten version of J. Cole's Born Sinner previously only available on SoundCloud. All in all, Proof contains 48 vastly different tracks covering topics from social injustice, mental health, friendships, youth rebellion, self-individuation and an ever-present devotion towards their diverse and equally devoted ARMY, a fanbase almost as famous as the band itself.If you have only heard their English Language smash hits Dynamite and Butter, you are in for a surprise. BTS are masters of hybrid music; blessed with spectacular vocals from V, Jimin, Jungkook and Jin covering both intense, deep notes and crystal clear, airy falsettos and arguably some of the best rappers Asia has to offer in RM, SUGA and JHope, BTS can literally do any genre. But what Proof demonstrates is that not only do the group play with whichever genre they want, they also do it exceedingly well. If disco-inspired Dynamite and funky Butter made you want to move, you’ll definitely be well exercised after jumping around to electronica/hip-hop-track Fire or IDOL, a dance track celebrating South African music and Korean traditional instruments. You can sway to moombahton/trap-song Blood, Sweat & Tears or neo-soul-inspired Singularity, and finally turn introspective with the epic pop rock ballad Spring Day, a song that has not left the South Korean hit list since its release in 2016.The real gems, however, are for those ready to explore the often exquisite lyrics penned mostly by the band members themselves. RM, their most prolific writer closely followed by SUGA and JHope, is a master of metaphors, clever wordplay and quirky observations as observed in his solo Intro:Persona and the charming little pop-tune Dimple. While the language barrier may fool lazy people into believing that their music is inaccessible, there are plenty high quality fan translations available and the cultural insights they provide along the lyrics are quite enlightening.For old fans the new songs are naturally of particular interest. The lead single Yet to Come is that signature blend of pop and hip-hop which is BTS’s trademark, an introspective ode to the 9 years now in the past and a promise of even better things to come. Run BTS is an absolute A++ track, reminiscent of the aggressive, cocky rap of especially BTS’s early years and you are almost guaranteed to see that evolve into a viral dance challenge on TikTok. If you do nothing else, at least do yourselves the favor of playing it at least once. The final new official track For Youth closes CD3 as a pure love song to their fans and while the receiver of the message is quite clear, you’d have to have a heart of stone if you don’t feel just a little moved.To make a summary that truly encapsulates what Proof contains is not possible. If you take nothing else away from this review, it should be this: Do not make the mistake of labelling BTS. This is a group that has converted heavy metal fans, classical musicians, scholars, journalists, authors, politicians, business professionals, young and old, men and women into dedicated fans. For eclectic music lovers like myself, every part of their discography has something to offer, either musically, lyrically or both. Do yourself the favor of giving Proof a chance – you just might find a new world waiting.
One of my favourite bts albums by far. love being able to listen to born singer properly, and cd 3 personally saved my life.
This album gives me so much joy I love it.Yet to come is a really beautiful song and I can’t wait to see what they have next in stock. And RUN BTS that’s my anthem
Proof by the name itself shows how talented BTS are. From song writing, to singing, rapping, and producing. I am always in awe of how can BTS always reach my expectation when it comes to albums and music.
Rrrun bulletproof rrrun bulletproof rrrun
Proof is the best creation to display BTS growth in music. Such a flawless discography
A really good summary to meet BTS and understand why they are where they are today.
Nine years of love, passion, and commitment towards music and Poof proves it. This album shows you a handful of different genres and sounds, beautiful lyrics and the growth of seven talented man that truly lives for music.
This anthology is the proof of why BTS are the top of their craft. The musical range in this album, the lyricism and careful curating shows the dedication these young musicians have to creating quality art. Proof does its job beautifully and leaves the listener excited for what's yet to come!
this album really proves how amazing artists BTS are since the beginning They keep proving how talented and versatile they’re through every era seriously nowadays there’s a few artists who are actually that passionate & serious about their craft I’m glad i found them
Proof is an anthology album that showcases the 9 years of BTS music. It lays out their extensive and diverse discography. This is proof that BTS music and their message connects, not just with fans, but with all types of people. This is definitely a gift for ARMY. As a fan, I am grateful to be part of BTS' journey and achievements. Excited to see their next chapter and how they will continue to grow as artists.
Really good, inspirational,and as always versatile.Contains story from bts past discography i really love this album
proof is an excellent album for all the people who want to dig deeper into BTS' music. for the people wanting to know about BTS and armys who are newer to the fandom and do not know much about their old music. starting the album with born singer which was an unofficial release right after their debut in 2013, was an amazing choice. the songs are in the order of the title tracks of albums released throughout the course of 9 years. the album is full of emotions. it's a trip down the memory lane. BTS' music is very vast and summing it in one genre would be doing it wrong. besides the official releases, BTS has been releasing music on soundcloud years before their debut till now.to sum it up, i really adore and respect BTS' music and them as humans in general. STANNING BTS WAS THE BEST DECISION I EVER MADE
A great overview of the band’s last 9 years, with lead singles, solo and sub-unit tracks as well as unreleased older songs and demos that show the process behind their hits. And the icing on the cake are the three brand new tracks, each different to each other in style yet all Bangtan.
BTS has always been good and this anthology is the proof. Looking forward to what's in the next chapter
BTS always give us a top tier music, sales and stream are matching, not like other kpop group who only focus on other things than music
I can not say anythingI really love this album so much!BTS you are amazing!
Beautiful homage to Chapter one. Looking forward to the new chapter anything can happen
The album was sooo good like I can't stop listening to it ,their 9 years of hard work I'm so proud of them
this is bts's anthology album so it contains their old song with 3 new songs.this is one of the best album I have listened this year so far, yet to come explains about their past music experiences and what they want to do in future, it's a beautiful song. run bts is my favorite track of this album. it's a upbeat rock hip hop song. and for youth is my 3rd favorite song.
Incredible album! You can really see BTS's growth and story through this anthology album. It has every genre they've done. Such an incredible celebration of 9 years of music. If you don't know BTS and their history, well, now you do.
The work of BTS that brought the most tears to my eyes, the bringing together of so many classics to tell the story of seven boys who grew up to be such wonderful men
The perfect love letter to their youth and their ARMY. Songs from total tracks, to their own selection of solo/subunits, and on top of all of that demos from songs we know and love as well as new songs too! We really got spoiled with such a beautiful selection.
The anthology album is everything you could want in one of your favorite artist. The group celebrating their 9-yr anniversary releases their collection of work throughout the years with 3 new tracks. The title track “Yet to Come” (The Most Beautiful Moment) displays a sense of nostalgia that took me back to when i first was introduced to them. The song reassures their fans, ARMY, that “the best is yet to come” and to look forward to their future together for a new chapter of music to come and i can’t wait to see what the future holds.
The best album of my life. Collected the greatest hits of BTS discography with 3 new refreshing song
BTS and Bighit Music did an amazing job. This applies to every aspect of the anthology album. This is how a ending of the "1st Chapter" should look like. The new songs add a specific flavour to this, that I really like. "Yet to come", "Run BTS" and "For Youth" serve as a guide through the album and remind you that BTS will continue to make amazing music. Selling 2.1 million copies on the albums first day on Hanteo, BTS proofs that they don't need many versions like other K-acts to sell well, not to mention that they don't use bundles like many western artists. This album already broke a few records and will surely do well on the year-end charts. It makes you want to hear what BTS has in store for us in the future. I'm looking foward to what they've got. In the meantime, I will continue to listen to this masterpiece of art.
I Think this is one of the best BTS Albums. Looking back and appreciating how far we've come with them. I still remember how lost I was before I found their music. I'm on a new journey with them and this here is PROOF. 100% Would recommendCongratulations BTS. We are so proud of y'all
This album is so heartfelt and meaningful to the Fandom. I absolutely love this album. I love that they added born singer and made it first on disc one. Brilliant. I wish bts nothing but success and happiness. Stream or buy the album because it's going to be one of bts' best albums of all time.
Proof is a brilliant showcase of BTS' musical growth and journey. They included their never before heard songs and demos which provides fans a glimpse on the early processes in their song creation. The 3 new songs are so good and are a fitting tribute to the journey that BTS and ARMY ran for theast 9 years. This is also a good way of introducing new fans to their extensive discography.
The songs in the PROOF album are astronomically amazing. The vocals are enticingly addictive, the melodies are enchanting, the rap is like a 5 star Michelin and the title track ‘Yet To Come’ is absolutely beautiful and makes me feel emotional. The demos are lovely and the three new songs are awesome. The concept photos were very cute and cool.
Proof is Magnificent I love it I can say it is one of the best album BTS ever produced it has the smartest combinaison of Rap R&B POP last and not least ROCK ALTERNATIVE I’m really pleased with Proof . BTS lyrics are unmatched if you take a little time and put some subtitles it will change your views of them and understand why their fans love them so much
Proof is the album for someone who is just starting with their music, and feeling intimidated by the sheer size of their discography. The first disc offers you a glimpse into what makes them so great and the evolution of their artistry throughout the years. The second disc gives you just the sheer depth of their thankfulness to their fans, with their handpicked solos and units. Personally, the third disc is my favourite, with their demos and unreleased track. As a fan, it feels like when your best friend trusts you with all their vulnerabilities and strength, and know that they will not get any judgment from you, only support. Diving into their lyrics is a must. Just understanding the lyrics will offer you am understanding why they have the following that they do. Their lyrics and their journey to get where they are now, basically. They came into my life when I needed them the most, and I have had no regrets since.
PROOF ALBUM COMPLETELY SUMS UP WHATEVER BTS HAS DONE OVER THE YEARS. The album gives you overall idea of who bts is. It has contains all their great hits since their debut till now. The album has 3 CDs. With total 45 tracks. Out of 35 tracks are available digitally and the remaining tracks are only available in CD3. Each CD contains one new song. Only CD3 comes with three new songs and their demo tracks out of which only one is digitally available on all platforms. Overall the the album wss released offically with three new songs:YET TO COME- -the title track, it has beautiful mv and talk abt their beautiful journey n h how far they have come.RUN BTS-One of their best tracks too dance to at 2AM. The rapline and vocal line did their parts amazingly well. They talk abt them working as team and how hard they worked to get here and how they have to keep hustling. FOR YOUTHIt is a song dedicated to armys and how grateful they wre to them for being by their side.Overall its an amazing album with beautiful songs. It indeed showcases their hardwork, journey and everything about them.
9 anos de uma carreira brilhante celebrada com seus maiores hits e músicas selecionada pelos membros. BTS entregou mais um trabalho impecável a adição de Born Single como música de abertura até For Youth que fecha o álbum, foram seleções perfeitas para o álbum. E claro o single Yet To Come, leve e com uma letra profunda e Run BTS uma música poderosa com muito potencial para um single.
I love this album. I've been a casual listener for a couple of years now and going through the complete span of their work and the various sounds they've had over the years was really eye opening. I feel a deep amount of respect for their artistry I hadn't had before. The new songs are in such contrast but both equally catching. 10/10 in every way
This is the best album of all time and it just focuses on amazing discography of BTS throughout all these years. I loved all the songs especially born singer and jamais vu and new addition run BTS. Yet to come describes all the era of BTS and one can understand only if you have listened to their discography. Good job BTS
This album is amazing despite being an anthology album it feels like listening to all the old songs again for the first time ! I personally love ‘Run BTS’ it is such an exciting song and ‘Yet To Come’ and ‘For Youth’ are also amazing songs i would definitely recommend
The album is so diverse and full of timeless songs. Can't get enough of run bts and yet to come
I love this album
i'm absolutely floored by this album. they put everything in it and came out brighter. wish i could give more than 10 cause it deserves and run bts and cd3??? WOAHH
All the songs from top to bottom are soo good!!!!yet to come is the perfect song to look back into the reasons why BTS has started their music journey and run bts is a whole another level,i literally got goosebumps listening to it,and for youth got me very emotional :)...and yeah BTS is the standard and everything they make turns out to be a masterpiece
Songs from their previous albums are here. Songs that I love already. And there is Born Singer, a cover (sorry if it's not the proper word) that I always love from BTS. So raw of their passion as singer and artist. We used to get this only on Soundcloud and video uploaded by fans on YT. I'm thrilled that everyone will be able listen to it easily because it's included in Proof now.3 news songs that are available on all platforms. Yet To come, Run BTS, and For Youth are all amazing. I'm so proud of them for putting Yet To Come as their tittle track since it's so meaningful. The lyrics and mv are so beautiful and meaningful for Army. It's the perfect song to wrap their first chapter. And then For Youth. Have you ever feel so loved by artist that you love? This is the first time I experience this. For Youth is the best gift one could give me, and BTS did that. So beautiful, still tearing up everytime I listen to it. Awesome vocals, one of the best Bangtan songs for me. And then Run BTS. Wow. Sexy, groovy, and rocking your soul lol It gives you the sexy feeling like you're on top of the world. Love it! All three songs make me proud of them. They still have 2 more new songs, and demo version of their previous songs, which is so eandearing to listen to. Epiphany Jin version still gives you the goosebumps because of his still beautiful soul. Tony Montana is finally here. And Still With You acapella? Man, that will surely blow your mind. Jungkook's beautiful, raw voice. Demos, and the other 2 songs, will be available on cd only. Remind us ARMY that they set this up so much as a special gift for us. So proud of them for this album. One of my best buy.If you're not their fan before, you won't regret to listen to this album. This will show you thair rich discography. If you ever wonder what is it about BTS that make millions fall for, this album will be your answer.
AMAZING!!!!! All Songs Are Amazing!! Masterpiece AlbumYET TO COMERUN BTS
I started following this group a few years ago and I'm so happy that this album came out. I love the new songs and of course it's always a pleasure to listen to their older music. What a great way to close the chapter 1 of their journey
Proof is one of the most beautiful album BTS has released till now. You have to know their past , to enjoy this masterpiece album. They have so beautifully put together everything related to their journey that means so much to them as Individual and also as a Team(group).Now, people who are new to BTS, this album is the great way to start your BTS Army story. This anthology album will give you an immense understanding of why Army and BTS are so protective of each other and why Army will always support BTS. For me, the album was not something I expected, it goes beyond it. The first time I listened to the album when it was released, it made me cry so much because they have grown so much , not age or fan growth but their musicality. When you listen to Proof album, you can tell this by yourself. You just have to enjoy BTS music without biasness.BTS music was something I didn't think I needed until I heard it. There's a line in Army fanbase "BTS comes in to your life, when you need them." It means that there's no right time of stanning BTS or listening to their music, when you found BTS it means you needed them. Many people found BTS when they needed them, I hope others can someday also find BTS.
I loved this album from start to finish. It really takes you on a musical journey and CD3 has more than a few gems of unreleased songs and demos tucked away. This is very special and meaningful album and really shows off their musical range and brilliant lyrics. (If you are not reading the lyrics, you just will never fully understand why they are loved by so many.) My personal favorites at the moment are Born Singer, Yet to Come, Blood, Sweat & Tears, Dimple, Cypher 3 and Ego. As someone who has been a music fan for many years and listens to lots of different kinds of music, I can say that BTS is a once in a lifetime group. There will never be anyone like them. Seven special artists that literally came up from nothing and created not just great music but music with meaning and purpose. They created a whole movement and uplifted millions. It’s one of the most inspiring things I have seen a music group do. Bravo BTS!!!
The album is absolutely amazing! It proves why BTS have dominated the scene over the years and why they will continue to do so!The anthology album collects some of BTS’ greatest hits (and three brand new tracks) from the past 9 years and is a way to introduce people to who BTS exactly are. Kicking off the album with “Born Singer”, a rendition of their older cover of J Cole’s “Born Sinner”, to showcase their passion for their work and their respect for hip hop music. “Born Singer” is a beautiful combination of the distinct vocals of BTS with their iconic rap.The title track of the album, “Yet To Come”, is a nod to their earlier works and the embodiment of this anthology album. Soft vocals and slow raps blend in with each other flawlessly in this song and manage to convey the emotions behind this homage to their artistry.Their second new track, “Run BTS”, is an homage to the members themselves and the hard work they put into their career. The song is very catchy and energetic. The vocals flow very well with the rap and the members ride off each other very well. The way Jin and Jimin manage to hit the high notes was very pleasing to the ears. V’s distinctly deep vocals were a very nice contrast to the high notes and Jung Kook’s vocal control is truly unmatched.The last new track on the album, “For Youth”, is a song dedicated to their fans. It’s a very beautiful song with soft vocals and emotional lyrics. The song also samples their fans, the ARMY, singing the song “Young Forever” by BTS during their concert in Wembley Stadium in 2019, which was a surprise for the members. As a way, this little surprise from ARMY to BTS became a little surprise from BTS to ARMY and is a symbol for the mutual love and respect they have towards each other.All in all, this album is filled with BTS’ past bangers with the addition of three completely new songs that showcase BTS’ talent and their love for their artistry and their fans.
A well produced anthology that clearly showcases the brilliance of their 10 years worth discography. Each track is a masterpiece. Truly enjoyed it. The 3 new tracks are just amazing.
The most beautiful album with meaningful songs. I love this album so much. They are very talented! Always give the best for their fans (ARMY). No wonder many people in love with them and their music.
THIS ALBUM IS THE REAL
Esse álbum é tão especial pra mim, eu amei ele, RUN BTS a maior de todas, o nosso Soty
Hit after hit after hit. BTS are truly game changers. The new tracks just prove that they’re not going anywhere!
Has BTS' entire heart in it. Following there entire career. If you can only buy one album this should be it.
I really love the ALBUM proof it consists with all of their hit plus the members choice of song n demos of their hit song and with 3 new song they did 70+M plus on Spotify with just 3 new song it really shows how they have PAVED THE WAY
É um álbum incrível onde é possível conhecer a discografia maravilhosa de 9 anos de história dos Bangtan Boys
truly an amazing album that portrayed bts journey as artists, the three new tracks: Yet to Come, For You and Run BTS are very good songs i loved all of them so much, reading the lyrics proved once again that BTS are not only amazing performers but great producers and songwriters, this band never disappoints and the love Proof is getting is deserved.
Couldn't have done an anthology album better than this. It really is a very emotional piece of art for all of us. Proof takes you through their impeccable journey of 9 years and honestly I can't wait for the next chapter in BTS' career.
É um álbum excelente! A proposta do grupo de, como o próprio nome diz, provar que chegaram onde chegaram por meio de suas músicas é impressionante e genial. Para nós, armys, relembrar toda a nossa trajetória com os membros é nostálgico e deleitoso.
This album is art in every sense of the word, its rhythms and lyrics make it incredible to listen to. Super recommended.
An amazing summary of BTS’s 9 years of music. Each of the older songs are timeless and beautiful in their unique ways. Yet To Come does an amazing job at piecing these masterpieces together and also remind people why BTS is BTS. Not to mention it’s a beautifully written song with immaculate vocals, and soft enchanting raps. Run BTS is more of a hype, and playful song without knowing the lyrics, but once you dive in you realize how true to BTS it is. The vocal line outdid themselves once more, while the rap line showcased each other’s unique style of rapping. The 2 other new songs are amazing as well. Give this album a chance and don’t play attention to the haters that have nothing better to do. I
This is a very good album, there are songs from the beginning of the debut until now and they are made into one album proof so that their new fans can hear and enjoy the works of the past and art

My favorite bts album,it contains their hardwork since debut. Love you always bangtan . I will support you guys till the end. Forever ot7.
This is a very well put together album. As an anthology album, the journey you are taken on from the very beginning, starting with the song 'Born Singer', all the way to the end with one of their newly raised songs 'For Youth' feels like a very pleasant walk. You can hear the different sounds they've come to have over the years as artists. They are ever evolving their craft, and it is well reflected in this album. The title track 'Yet To Come' is an especially enjoyable song, as the artists themselves express they're plans of continuing their journey into a brand new chapter of their career. I'm sure I'm not the only one excited for their next step.
This album contains the chronicles of BTS over the past 8 years and I am blown away by their discography. This album also shows on how they paved the way with their own blood, sweat and tears. Keep streaming!! and happy 9 years with Bangtan
Such a great album. Can’t stop listening! BTS are truly one of the best artists of our generation
Idk why ppl say it's bad, this album literally got my whole heart boiling and insane! especially run bts, OMG THE BEST OF THE BEST RUN BTS THE BEST BSIDE NO JOKE
I first encountered BTS at the 2017 amas where they performed DNA, after seeing them and watching their performance i was mesmerized by their talent and beauty. After the show, I looked them up and watched all their performances and interviews and fell in love with them. Seeing them grow as a group has been the greatest memory of my life. Now that they released this Anthology album, i got the unique opportunity to relive all of those years of their hard work and talent. Not only that, but the new songs are so beautiful and amazing. This album was created with so much love for army. BTS is truly one of a kind and they love us so much, I can’t wait for the second chapter and i am so grateful for the gift they gave us to relive the first one all over again. I will cherish this album for the rest of my life.
A brilliant anthology carefully curated to showcase BTS' journey from the early debut days through the years, to the present days with a bright outlook towards the future acknowledging that the past was while it was amazing, the best is yet to come. The album serves as an amazing opportunity for newer fans to relive the earlier days of the band which they didn't get the chance to be a part of, until now. With the added layer of new songs carefully positioned between the band's journey, their personal picks and capping the never released demos that are available only on the CD version and feel like a gift carefully wrapped and entrusted specifically to the fans, this album is truly yet another masterpiece, that lives up to its title as yet another proof of why BTS is the biggest group in the world.
This album brings together the best songs! The old songs are great and the new songs just prove that they are the best at what they do and will do so much more in the future.
I just love this album. This album show how they conquered the world. The album of the year.
The album is so good especially the song called Run bts, I already heard Born singer before but bringing it back again 9 years later remind the times back then...nostalgic, lyrics on Yet to come and Born singer are so meaningfull. I will listen to it more often, this album really deserves its name PROOF :)
I found BTS and became an army during the pandemic with a help from my best friend who’s also an army. BTS really helped me to get through my depression and i’m very grateful for their music. And for this new album ‘Proof’, i love it so much! It showcased BTS journey from the very beginning till now. Their music contained many genre and i love each and every of ‘em.
beautiful, spectacular, show stopping, amazing, gorgeous, never been done before. Y’all can keep h@ting
All of my fave BTS songs in one album and I am so happy! BTS have nothing to prove to anyone cos they are in a level of their own. I’m so proud of this album and especially to BTS for giving us their best in each comeback. This album is a masterpiece! What a beautiful gift to ARMYs!
Esse álbum é uma obra prima. É tão lindo e emocionante. Trás um lado nostálgico de quem é fã a muito tempo e dá a oportunidade para os novos fãs conhecerem um pouco da trajetória do Bangtan.
This album shows how wide their musical skills and knowledge are , putting 9 years In one album is a good way to look back. Their songs have different types of genres that no matter if the listener is old or young , love to dance or love classical even hip-hop and ballad , they cater everything. They started from the bottom and worked their way up and this album is the evidence of those struggles , those tears , those fears but also their growth , passion , laughter and their love and care for one another. This album is their story , it's their evidence and it's their PROOF. I'll treasure this album forever just like how I treasure BTS
Amazing album with an amazing artistry that review years of creation and history they went through. You can feel their sincerity through and through the lyrics! This being even more enhanced with the 3 new songs : Yet To Come that embodies nostalgia but also hope and excitement for the future, Run BTS which is a fire and a clear flex/reminder of they become aka *cough* living legends. Finally For Youth, a song that holds all the love for ARMY and all the struggle they went through together.
A combination of the group’s most impactful songs, whether it be on the charts or in their personal career, curated in a way that takes you on a journey through their discography. The album is beautiful and contains amazing new songs as well as older ones that really paint the picture of where BTS stands today in their career.
This album was very professional. Memorable and beautiful, I get a lot of peace by listening to it and I thank BTS for making such beautiful songs, the music industry needs BTS.
they're surely knows how to do. and in this album basically have a lot of genres that suit people's taste of music
Amazing album and amazing gift to us for their 9th year anniversary! Listening to it just makes me reminisce all the good old days i've spent listening to BTS!! My favorite track is Run BTS, it just makes me feel extreme nostalgia and joy!
It's a beautiful anthology album that perfectly captures their growth in this industry.
It's simply one of the best albums I've ever had the pleasure of listening to. The songs and the lyrics have an effect on us that I can't describe, but it's amazing, I love it. bts NEVER disappoints!!
PROOF is one of the best albums to come out of this decade. It perfectly encases the elements of nostalgia and contemporary music showcasing their capability as artists. They displays their talent and range varying from soft ballads to heavy hip-hop and rock influenced songs. This is artistry at it's peek.
this album is simply amazing, BTS discography is impeccable since their first debut song, they are the biggest and without a doubt this album has become my addiction.
This is a refreshing new album and it's all worth it. I love how the album arranged from past to future. I can't stop listening to their song
Good Album n song i luv the Album I love yet to come and Run BTS n Life Goes On and Moon too
MÜKEMMELI vote for #MTVLAKPOPBTS #MTVLAHITMYUNIVERSE at this year's #PremiosMTVMIAW !!
This is a fantastic album...3 new songs .. all banger... old hits...and some demos which btw r only on CD ... BTS never ever disappoints
Un véritable cadeau pour les army et une porte d'entrée pour les novices qui veulent découvrir l'histoire de BTS et l'ensemble de leurs chansons
I usually listen to all kinds of music as long as it touches me and let me say that BTS is a group that does just that ! I've already been listening to them these past few years after i stumbled on some bops from them. I know most of their songs already. This anthology album made even more sure of how diverse they are. No restrictions to their music but still so recognizable. Each one of the guys is so unique. Their individuality is crazy. I'm already a fan, they made me into a bigger one. Onto the album:Without mentioning all the demos and unreleased songs/ the acapella of jungkook's "still with you" which were only available on CD (CD3) and were absolutely amazing (for some showing Raw talent, for others giving you a taste of the whatifs or trials and errors :dedicated to fans only), the four new Songs : "For youth", "Run BTS", "Yet to come" and "Born singer" (which was re-recorded for spotify) were really pieces of ART !You ABSOLUTELY have to read the lyrics and at least listen 3 TIMES to each one and you will get what i'm saying. You'll get a glimpse of their genius and their history and it will leave you wanting more.The Vocals and Raps were Top-Tier in all styles and aspects!A multifaceted, multitalented, once in a lifetime group, and i mean it !Beautiful anthology album ! 10/10 Hands Down
Proof is such an excellent and beautiful album. We can enjoy their journey from being an underground group to being the biggest boy band in the world. They're always honest about what they feel and not scared to be vulnerable. And it's what makes them special. This album has done a great job of showcasing their journey, their feeling, and BTS themselves.
I'm so proud of BTS. They achieve a lot since their debut and I'm excited to see more achievement in the future. BEST MOMENT IS YET TO COME
This is the best album for me this year! it has great songs, their biggest hits is on this album.. i really love yet to come and run bts also the vocals in for youth is perfect. Well done bts
This album contains their hard work and dedication since their debut. Also this album is their tribute to their fans that stay to their side for the past 9 years of their career. If you want to know them too I recommend to listen to Born singer that also in this Album. It conveys a message about themselves and their love for music. This whole album is a bop and also emotional to their fans. Truly a masterpiece. Highly recommended. Try to listen to them they are such a good role model to many
Eu amei estou completamente apaixonada por esse álbum ele superou todas as.m8nhas expectativas. BTS é o melhor por isso sempre entrega tudo e toda vez supera as expectativas dos seus fãs eu amoooooo as músicas deles e esse álbum proof está nota 10.
This is the first ever BTS album i bought.. the album contains the whole 9 year journey of this korean boy band and it was such a honour to take part in this journey.. I'm much thankful for getting this album and for BTS..i listen to this almost everyday and it soothes me so much when i am going through a hard time. The title track yet to come is sweet and so comforting :) and their b side tracks are also very good..almost so addictive.. especially run bts :) Thankyou bangtan
Best Album of the year. An album with all their best Hits and old Demos. Really amazing
It's a very good album, it tells the story of BTS and the songs are excellent!
This album is really good, 6 differend new songs never heard before with the additional 31 old hit songs, it really reflects how their career was filled with good music, And yet to come music video and lyrics fits so well with the definition of an anthology album, also RUN BTS, it’s really dope and relfects how much time of hardwork they spent, for FOR YOUTH, it really touches my heart, me as an army who watched them grow time by time from little boys in korea to the biggest mostly consumed artist worldwide gaining so much recongnition and awards is really makes me shed the tears of joyFor born singer the track really fits well as an intro to the album, they were really born with the passion for music, for quotation mark and young love ah well I can really envy their girlfriends I mean I wish My bf can say love words like these
Proof album is amazing and as good as songs and AMAZING IM TELLING YOU IS GREATEST and i bought 2
A beautiful nod to their journey thus far. Very nice to hear all their old hits in one album.
Proof is really, as Namjoon mentioned, a closure of BTS Chapter 1 story/journey. It has imesurable impact and value for army and BTS. I love how well it engraves all the work, purpose and what BTS represents along all these years. It is an anthologic album divided in three main themes/CDsCD 1 is a compilate of their singles, since the emotional "Born singer" untill the impactfull "Butter". Futhermore, CD 1 gets concluded with "Yet to come", their new title track in this album. It's a nostalgic trip for army who have been with the boys since the beggining, but is also a opportunity for new fans/listeners to know more about their diverse and versatile discographyCD 2 represents bts members individuality and diversity, as each member chose one solo song and one unit song. We got to see the reasons and meanings behind those choices through videos of each member talking about that, which made CD 2 even more precious and special to armyTo conclude, CD 3 has extra content specially for army: demo versions and the acclaimed "Tony Montana" version that has Jimin featured with Agust D. It also contains three inedite songs: "Quotation Mark", "Young Love" and "For Youth"
Proof is a masterpiece! A great anthology album of BTS who have been running for 9 Years together. Their 4 new songs are beautiful and amazing, along with the old songs. Yet To Come - their title track is a very moving song reflecting their journey for years. Seven korean boys who only wanted their music to be heard, have done more to millions of people by inspiring and encouraging us to live, love and achieve our dreams. For Youth is an army song- dedicated to me! I will hold this song in my heart forever Bangtan! Born Singer is BTS and ARMY first anthem! This is a masterpiece! Sampled jcole's born sinner. Truly a masterpiece. AND FOR MY FAVORITE- RUN BTS!. I aint gonna elaborate but she is a fvking masterpiece! Go listen to PROOF yall. https://open.spotify.com/album/6al2VdKbb6FIz9d7lU7WRB?si=sUSbRC5aRGucKz3nm0ir4w&utm_source=copy-link
Proof é um álbum que cura e emociona mostrando uma retrospectiva da grande carreira do BTS, em seus 9 anos de atuação.
I love bts And this album is absolutely the best
This album captures BTS’ diverse discography and versatility. It has songs from their debut year to the current year with 4 new songs and it’s honestly the best. I’m so excited to know and hear what they have next. A 10 star rating to the album!
The best album they’ve released so far. The vocals and lyrics are immaculate!!!
This album so much emotional and full of inspiration and wisdom base on the artist experience from the past and present....The meaningful creature of the album is absolutely amazing
'Proof' is not only a way for BTS to show their growth as Artists, but also a way to show how grateful they are for everything they conquered alongside with the group's fandom. During every track, you can feel the sensation of nostalgy and know the history these 7 boys created together since their debut days, when the world started to know the Bulletproof Boys. With 4 new tracks about dreams, hope, and wishes of staying together for the rest of life, BTS brings to the musical scene another great piece of history, while keeping their shoulders low even if the group knows theirs should be the highest in the world.
AMAZING! everything about this album is spectacular. you can see the musical diversity and creativity in their songs also the order of the songs!! the chronological order makes u feel the vibe of each year since their debut
It’s my first album comeback of bts and this album really good
legends are back at it and as usual they never disappoint and they are the 3 songs ..a collection of masterpiece if u ask me
Este álbum realmente mostra como o BTS cresceu como artista ao longo dos anos e quão versátil é sua discografia. BANGTAN BEM FEITO!
Proof is an album that takes you on a journey through BTS' dischographies, from debut songs until the newest release, Yet To Come. It's a whole fun, happy, emotional ride! One of my fav!
This is the best album i have ever heard!! I will suggest yet to come and run bts. Run bts is my jam. The lyrics and the producing are top tier!! 5/5 !!
I'm enjoying this album so much. just BRILLIANT every thing from the beginning till the end not one song missed and the idea of the three new songs with one talking about their journey and love for music and the other talking about how hard they worked and how they're a great team and the last one for the fans! I'm in love and I can't wait for the next chapter
Proof é um album para as melhores memorias entre armys e bts, a gente teve a oportunidade de escutar versões diferentes de músicas que ja amamos muito, assim também como ganhamos 3 novas músicas do grupo que estão impecaveis. A cada projeto bts se renova mais e a qualidade nunca cai só aumenta, ter nascido na mesma era que eles é um previlégio.
Les musiques choisis nous font voyager dans le temps, nous font revivre les 9 ans de BTS,C'est pourquoi selon moi cet album mérite un 10
I Love this album so much. I cannot stop listening to the album since it came out
I have been a fan myself for 5 years and Im so glad they made this wonderful Anthology album, a tribute to all of their hardwork since the past 9 years. I can’t wait for whats Yet to Come in their new chapter!
This album is wonderful, bts always presents a great work. No wonder they are the biggest in kpop.
Such a beautiful album. For anyone not familiar with the group it’s a look at the past, the present and the future BTS. For army, it’s a walk down memory lane with insight into variations of past songs with the release of members’ demo versions.
This album is blessing can't even tell the feeling how nostalgic and beautiful it feelsAll three new songs literally the best
I loved proof a lot! It was great cause I was able to know about so many BTS songs like born singer released around their debut which i didn't know about . I loved yet to come as it gave me motivation to look forward for my future and their future as well and got emotional looking at the mv as well. Run BTS was really impressive even my family who usually doesn't listen to any non English songs wanted to listen to yet to come and run bts. Was impressed by all their vocals and lyrics. Specially of Jin and Suga. But every member was amazing . It was my first Comeback and i loved every bit of it. It's difficult to choose any favourite song or songs. Loved all of them
Esses álbum é capaz de salvar vidas. BTS não poderia ter feito algo melhor. É de fato um álbum do BTS para o Army.
I loved the whole album, Run BTS is so perfect it makes you want to live happily.I wanted to say that all the old songs are in my heart, they will never lose their value. Both the new and the old are wonderful. Thank you Bangtan for saving my life so many times.
the album is so good! bts truly never dissapoints and it makes me cry whenever yet to come plays
Proof tells a complete history. Each music of this album has its own story. In addition to the beauty and style of music arrangement, it is full of surprises. It has soothing melodies that soothe my soul as well as energetic and joyful melodies. The Proof is exactly what I needed.
This album perfectly showcases BTS’s diversity and talents in many different music genres. The album shows BTS’s development from their very first debut album to this day with their newest title track ”Yet to come”. Proof contains important messages about the society, as can be heard in tracks like ”No more dream” and ”N.O”. The new track ”Run BTS” also brings out a different side of BTS, mixing in rock-style instrumentals and production with talented rapping and singing.
Such a great album. This is anthology, a PROOF of BTS’ amazing history. Someone can running here because of their hate issues, but ARMYs always be there for BTS. Anthology album is a big work of nine years, I respect it
ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS EVER, between the song ranges and vocals and rap this group NEVER fails to disappoint me, for youth and yet to coke GOSH one of the best and most beautiful songs I’ve ever heard of even making me shed a fear tears (lol) and run bts.. WOAH?!? That song always gets me in a hyped up mood and makes me feel like I can do anything !! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK BTS 100/100 album ✅
Starting from born singer and ending it with for youth, including all of their musical gems...its not just an album but a literally finely crafted masterpiece!! bts never disappoints!! legends of our generation❗️
An anthology album by BTS , this is really special as it represents their hard work for 9 years. I am loving this album it has best tracks.
Proof beautifully encapsulates a chapter of Bangtan's musical history while ushering towards the next best thing. This 3-disc album is a treasure, celebrating BTS's biggest hits, the tracks that make up their Proof, and an intimate reveal of their artistry through unreleased dekos. I can't get enough of Yet To Come, Run BTS and For Youth. These 3 new tracks build up so much excitement for Chapter 2. You'll love it!
Álbum perfeito em todos os aspectos, passado, presente e um futuro, suas histórias, tudo que passaram junto com os armys é magnífico. Esse álbum tem importância tanto para o Bts quanto para o army, é nos fazer olhar para trás e ver o quanto o Bts cresceu, o quanto eles são gratos e o quanto eles amam os armys. Os vocais tudo está lindo.
Bts paved the way. Nobody doing it like my men. Entire album is master piece even those I have heard few songs over the year they still hit hard to the core you can feel every single emotion behind them. It feels great to know bts in this life time. I will be forever grateful to them. Purple you. Borahae
Wonderful album that includes my favorite tracks, the title track is just as wonderful
This Album made my year, i love it from the bottom of my heart, different vibes and genres, New fan here
This contains a compilation of bts discography throughout 9 years and picked by themselves plus 3-5 new songs! the cd-3 tracklist is definitely *chef's kiss* those demos and studio versions of a collab stage performance between two members (suga & jimin) we don't just get CDs but photobooks and more! plus random PC, postcard, and a set of photocard of the members!
Hands on one of my favourite albums from them, this album not only depicts their growth as artists but also is a living proof of their talents and their amazing discography.
A really well put together album, I loved the 3 new songs and it's good to finally be able to see all of the old gems being appreciated.
The Best Anthology ever . I'm in tears ..it has nostalgic feel to it . Love you BTS
Starts with "I'm a born singer" ends with "I'll be with you for the rest of my life", this album just show what Bangtan is, 7 artists in love with music and truly dedicated to their bests friends, ARMY. ps : buy this album cause CD3 is just an hidden gem for the general public. Even if you're not into BTS that much you will not get over this album.
This is a beautiful album showcasing 9 years of their career hits, sub units and solo songs and also gems of demos and unreleased songs on top of gifting us with 3 brand new songs. I would definitely recommend this album to both fans (Armys) and new comers who only recently discovered them, it’s a great album to see the different styles of music this group has to offer! Ps. This is for all the jobless ppl who out of envy, hate and prejudice has come to this platform to degrade and outright lie about an album you haven’t even listened to. Find a new hobby it’s pathetic!
this is the biggest and best album I've ever heard. it encompasses the entire history of a group, full of meanings for the boys and the army. when it comes to music, bts never fails, and this time was no different
Been an army for almost 5yrs now and this is the most heart touching album boys have created. It's an emotional represention of their beautiful journey and how far they have come with their own hardwork.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this anthology. From Born Singer until For Youth, the story flowed so well. I love Yet To Come as that song tells their story so well from debut until what's Yet to come. Very well made album. And lastly, my jam of all jams: Run BTS. If you don't automatically start shaking your butt to this song, you may need to go see a doctor
O melhor álbum do ano. As músicas inéditas são bem elaboradas e as antigas trouxeram um toque de nostalgia
Amazing album. Beautiful song, cool song, amazing MV, and memorable album for me
Only BTS could produce such an anthology. With such an immaculate discography, the choice of songs could not possibly go wrong, but choosing to start with a song that means so much to them and all their title tracks in the first CD, personal choices in the 2nd and an entire 3rd CD of demos just for their fans. The absolute confidence in their artistry and the fact that this album is not only a moving tribute to their past, the beginning of their legacy but also a clear message of their future continuing to do the music they love.
Absolutely beautiful. Words are not enough to describe this masterpiece. You feel the sincerity and love they have for music, Army and their team.
Album of the year, each and every track is amazing and has a beautiful meaning
Even though I listen to their discography on a daily basis and all the old hits are some of my favorites, I just love how all the old songs are gathered on one album and it's a nice refresher of how good their music is. There is not a single skip on this album in my eyes, and it just proves what great artists BTS are. The new songs are a bonus too, and I will forever be stuck with their words of the best is yet to come. They might already have been in the business for 9 years, but I know they'll have so many more years yet to come with a lot of new adventures. I can't wait for what they bring in the future, but for now, proof is a nice reminder to me why I fell in love with their music.
It is a good album for new fans to discover their discography and what BTS has to offer from various genres It is so good and the new 3 songs reveal their message clearly!!
One of the best albums I've ever had the pleasure of listening to. Yet to come, For youth and Run BTS, are the best songs of the year. I'm just in love with the album. Listening to them brings me a sense of freedom and youthful spirit. I thank the boys in the group for always delivering a great job.
One of the best album.. It talks about how BTS have grown since their debute and they still have a lot to grow in future
A masterpiece. A great album for both dedicated ARMYs and new fans who are about to dive into their music. Composed of their old masterpieces that aged like fine wine, giving you the feeling of nostalgia and newly released songs that prove their versatility by bravely trying on different genres and styles in music. Would love to play this at any occasion, anytime and anywhere, may it be birthdays, reunions, and holidays. BTS proving again that they are, hands down, one of the best artists of this century by continuously showing their mastery and passion for their craft!
Its such a must have for every fan, a beautiful way to revisit bangtan’s career with the added bonus of cd3 filled with demos and some unreleased songs. The three new tracks are filled with very personal lyrics that would make any fan tear up.On top of the great music you also get books filled with old and new pictures going from their debut to today, alongside all the achievements they were able to get. This album is also perfect for any non-fan curious about the worldwide loved group, if you think you can guess want kind of music they make think again! Their versatility is one of the reasons their fanbase is so diverse. They’re not scared to delve into new genres and do so beautifully, even the biggest hater will find a song they love amongst their diverse discography. I heavily recommend reading translated lyrics too (the site “doolsetbangtan” has them all explained)
The best Album like always BTS never disappointed , I’ll support them until the end
It's a great work that reflects the group's journey since they debuted until today. You can see the growth as time passed but also notice how their important messages and love for music hasn't changed. Beautiful celebration of the "first chapter" in their career.
The Bestest album you can ever hear to...the way they put their journey here in this album...OHH you can actually see the hard work they did to come where they are now... everything aside...the Price of the album...its actually so affordable if you compare the amount of songs they put in one album... I'M REALLY LOVING THIS ALBUM ALOT...As an ARMY since 2015... I can still proudly say that following BTS was the best decision ever
I love it too much, they always have a different sound from the others, the best thing is that they differentiate themselves from the others, their lyrics are so significant to their career, simply perfect
Proof is one the best album which defines and describes the 9years of journey of BTS and ARMY together. The hardwork, the happiness, the pain, the passion, the sorrow, joy that BTS shares with ARMY is what is shown in this album. Thankful to BTS for saving ARMY with their music
É um álbum muito bom! Com uma encantadora viagem pela sua discografia, o bts nos surpreende com músicas demo, música originais e novas extremamente boas e excitantes! Como sempre, eles seguem sendo os maiores artistas da indústria musical.
me as an army, i always hope for the best but bts always excels. Because it's an analogue album, it brings total nostalgia from so many eras, it was an amazing idea. And as you know we had the 3 unreleased singkes, simply the best I've ever heard. Each new song brings different feelings (you won't miss anything if you feel free to listen). In conclusion Proof was totally a hit, the concept, the new music, the ones that already existed, were the best. It deserves nothing less than aoty! ps: RUN BTS is the darling of the public, listen just once so you can confirm
Starting an anthology album with Born Singer, with lyrics describing their dreams and aspirations of becoming bigger, and looking back at what they went through to finally be on stage, performing for their fans, for me is a statement of their humble beginnings but with a very strong will to get where they are now. BTS provided the fans with a look-back on each era, with their hits and B-sides, and with demos, an intimate gift for true fans of their music to show the rough start and unpolished BTS. I am happy to hear their demos because it is a proof that they are very involved in writing/producing their music. They will share their melodies, even with lyrics that doesn't make sense, just to get the flow of what will work and what will not work as a melody in a particular part of a song. What a great concept that is. This is truly Bangtan Sonyeondan's proof and reflection of why they are great performers/artists. For Youth, the last song in the album, is a song that is truly heart-warming. It is like a warm hug for their fans who believed in them, who made BTS to believe on themselves, knowing they have that kind of strong support from their listeners. I applaud BTS for choosing great songs in the album.
You can feel the genuine love and humbleness from the tittle track. 'We just love music' the melody melts rightly with the lyric just make everything precious
It’s very nostalgic album ,it’s takes back where they all started ,how they grew as artist ,you see in album They have added 3 new songs yet to come is beautiful and had nostalgic feel and rap line and vocal body foung justice ,my personal favourite is Run Bts and last youth u can say that song can be for their as well fans as well as it like they speaking to young self (youthful years ) well very goood it takes you to journey from 2013-2022.Tee versatility in their styles of songs and range they both vocally and raps too,difference in style and cadence ! Amazing album ! Go Listen Proof!!
proof showcases bangtan's amazing growth over the years; the way they make music and write songs and their musical style has evolved over the years. not all artists can put out an anthology album but bangtan did it because of their top-tier discography which only speaks more about the music they make. it is a great start-up pack for new listeners but it also serves as a gift to those who have been with them for years. for their lead single yet to come, bts talks about them going on a full circle from their past and now they are back to square one, doing what they did years ago, making music.
It's an Amazing Album.This Album Contains the Proof Of BTS Artistry since debut to til now,The Journey and everything That BTS has done.When You listen to the main track yet to come it Feels like Reuniting the memories of every chapter of BTS Past Songs.If you're new listener It may seem hard to know the video of yet to come but it's Absolutely worthy to know the BU if you're interested in.Please Give This album listen,They sing for their love for Music,The true Artist who isn't about the flower road but so about Music.Every Each Track in this Album Has very special massage to deliver.To know Their music from depth you should read their song lyrics too.That's What makes them More stunned and their artistic vision exclusively delightful.
Proof is really an amazing album, it shows you BTS career from their debut until now
Great Album, Great artists, the title Yet to come is so soft and can be listen infinitely...Run BTS is bop
This anthology album represents how 7 korean boys with only talent & dreams become the global phenomenon, become The BTS.
In my many years of listening to music, I've only encountered a handful of groups whose discography contains such a varied and impressive collection of songs. BTS has been a revelation, and Proof showcases their versatility very nicely. The first disc contains all the lead singles from their prolific 9 year career. The second offers a chance to see some solo tracks and sub-unit songs, the ones that don't get much play outside of the fandom. It's disc 3 that I found most interesting, though, offering a glimpse into their writing and production process. For any adventurous music lover, the physical album offers a window into a remarkable musical journey with this talented group. Favorite track: Run BTS
Even though it's an anthological album that remembers all the most beautiful moments of BTS's career, the message that the best is yet to come is beautiful.
This is the perfect album to release on the group's 9th anniversary! The three new songs Yet to come, Run BTS! and For Youth perfectly showcase their versatility and strength in multiple genres. Both the rappers and the vocalists get their moments to shine.The selection of old songs to feature on the album is exquisite, with past compilation albums I've found some of their choices questionable.And then, CD3! Never would I have expected to be able to listen to some of these demos! It means a lot to me, that they're releasing them, albeit only on CD and not on streaming services which I understand since some of them are straight up unfinished but nevertheless an intimate glimpse into their songwriting process and how far they've come since they started out as musicians
The perfect summary of their career so far, 9 beautiful years spent running harder than anyone. You've worked hard! I can't stop listening to Run BTS, it's my favourite on the album. Makes me get up and dance every time I listen and I think it's the kind of song we all need to have stuck in our heads once in a while. Give it a listen if you haven't, there are no skips on this one.
This album is really nostalgic and sentimental. It shows how great BTS are as musical artists since their debut days, and how they evolved and kept getting better and better. This album is a wonderful conclusion for their first chapter. They really are just 7 sincere boys who have a great affinity for music. It makes me so proud as a fan and I would continue to support them as long as they are still here doing what they love to do.
Favorite CD of this album is CD3, I love listening to the artists original idea and comparing it to the finishing product, it was so enjoyable and new. Since I personally enjoy the style of the songs featured, it felt like I was just getting a new song in that style
An emotional celebration of the group's nine years... The album brings everything BTS is!Congratulations boys, this album is impeccable!
Best anthology album I’ve heard! BTS is an amazing band with a wide range of musical artistry. I’m impressed by everything that they do and the music they put out!
We've been through so much with bts in these 10 years, their music has saved me in so many ways, reliving such important songs in my life is something magical. Thank you for making every memory precious to the army
Literally the best album I’ve listened to since 2020. This album deserves 10/10
I really enjoyed the album the 3 new songs were a rollercoster of emotions and i really loved it
a magnificent album, stream in proof!!
The growth of BTS is evident in this album. Amazed by the fact that they have covered a lot of genres and how they're songs have different concepts. 대박 대박
minyoongirapgeniusjjangjjangbbungbbung!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
this album showcase the beginning of bts and the bts now it holds meaning for them and their fans, for 9 years they worked day and night without stop to be where they are today so if you aren’t their fans your opinion is not needed.
One of the best ways to end an amazing journey and begin a new one. BTS and their team have always brought the only quality to the table and the have delivered this time as well. A wonderful way to showcase their past works through the anthology and three new songs that showcase their versatility. No matter how many haters throw shade on them they just come out stronger. People thinking that their comeback flopped just because they didn't break a record set by THEM seriously a joke nevertheless this album was produced for the ay and new fans looking to get into BTS.
I really love it. BTS music always amazed us. This album is a proof of amazing 9yrs of BTS music
This is a very good album.....!!! Loved every songs in it..I'm obsessed with Run BTS
o álbum é realmente melhor do que eu jamais imaginei, yet to come me parece um abraço quentinho em dia chuvoso, me sinto reconfortada quando escuto ela, foi uma ótima escolha de title como sempre
Proof is truly an amazing album. Have always known that bangtan are talented musicians but this album and every other album before is the proof for it and this album's name is even more perfect considering the fact that its an anthology one. People with open minds please listen to it and then comment.
It's well designed album with 3 CD. Perfect combination for an anthology album that described BTS's discography perfectly. As expected, their lyricism have had some magic on me. So excited for the new chapter of BTS.
it's very rare for artists to release their anthology albums so early into their careers. with BTS, it just makes sense. They've released amazing hits consecutively for the past 9 years. This anthology album highlights the versatility and diversity of BTS' discography. It also shows their respect and appreciation for music as artists, as well as their growth emotionally. It serves as a celebration of the past 9 years of BTS' music and every song on this album deserves to be celebrated.
All of the songs on this album are honestly amazing. Yet To Come reflects on their past, Run BTS is an ass shaker, and For Youth is for Army’s. BTS loves us so much and their music just helps prove it. Like have you heard for youth? They literally wrote that for us. I love them and this album so much
The album is full of extremely great songs. Crazy good! Love their artistry.
Proof é realmente um álbum que trás muitas emoções boas, conforto, amor, felicidade entre outras. As demos são incríveis, as músicas novas são tão boas de escutar! Melhor compra de 2022!
An album that contains good sound lyrics and artistry, where the artist Is involved in every process. This album is made with their blood sweat and tears from the beginning until now they always have been themselves. If this is your first time listening to BTS I swear you won't be disappointed
Proof is a amazing album, nostalgic for older fans and a great opportunity for new fans to discover BTS music. The new songs are great, and the cd3 it's a amazing gift to the fans, with demos, unreleased songs a great way to commemorate BTS 9 years career.
Proof, an anthology album 9 years into their career is a feat in itself. a collection of their best hits once again showcasing their growth and evolving artistry throughout these years. The three tracks expressing their innermost emotions once again prove to us that BTS are still in touch with their roots and the grit and their love for fans. This is a timely piece right after the influx of fans after their English singles and show them who BTS is. This album is definitely aimed at fans and to discuss their love for music.
This is just a little part of the greatness of the music BTS has produced until now and will continue tu produce. They are geniuses.
I really love the album and how it displays BTS history in 9 years. It made me remember a lot of things in my early years as their fan. I hope i will see what they prepared for chapter 2 of their story. I LOVE YOU BTS
Cohesion, that's the word, for those who would like to know the group this is the best way, a collection of well-crafted songs, which show the identity, strength and sensitivity of the artists. Identity and cohesion, they got it right!
If you're interested in listening to BTS then this album is where you can start, a perfect track list that shows the versatility of their music, whatever kind of music you're into you'll definitely find something you like!
The album is so good i listened to it all Day and i can't express how amazed i am by the high quality production & vocal abilities ...,i was Also moved by their lyrics and how they express their past,present,and future perfectly . hope they continue making music for more years ..thank you bts !
This album means a lot to both BTS and ARMYs it's just the love and bond we have it's really emotional with all the emotions i wanna thank BTS for this amazing album !
The album showcases the brilliant artistry of BTS, containing songs from throughout their career arranged in a way that tell their story and acts as a time capsule. Looking forward to more amazing songs from these artists.
The best anthology album ever!! All tracks are masterpieces. Never saw an album that can match level with this one. Definitely made by golden hands and happy to know that bts wrote every each song on this album. They are really capable of hold a pen as an artist.
Honestly i was overwhelmed with emotions, the title track 'Yet to come' have me in tears the first time i listen, and don't get me started with 'Born Singer' god... Hearing Born Singer in 2022 is just something else, they've come so far, they're been through a lot. Yet they're still holding on. One quick note i want to say to you non-bts fan, please don't quick to judge. Try to listen at least one songs. Even better if you try to give this album a chance bcs god this album really speak about how bts grow musically and also showing their growth as a person
Proof brings the entire trajectory of BTS and army, the album is exclusively dedicated to us. The feeling of reliving amazing songs both already released and unreleased, wrapped by so much talent and energy shows why they are so acclaimed. It is a set of songs with inspirations beyond the world. The work is incredible, such an inexplicable skill set, talent and passion.PROOF is really proof of how 7 South Korean boys worked hard to overcome all existing barriers and managed to get where they are, being recognized for who they are, their talent, passion, love for music and ARMY
An incredible anthology album that encompasses just how amazing these 9 years together were. It's amazing to see their growth and I can't wait for the next chapter!!!! Run BTS is a favorite!
this anthological album is perfect, each song expresses the passion for the music that the group has cultivated for years. and the new songs so wonderful too
A literal masterpiece. I don't know how else to describe this. As an army since 2014 I was so emotional because this felt like a little visit to old times. They have come a long way and have grown up so well. I'm so proud of them and I will never regret stanning them.
Proof is their answer, 9 years of their hardwork and passion, an absolute masterpiece. You listen to it you all gonna love it. This album is their chapter one inspirational journey of them as an artist and also as a human being. I loved all the songs from their first to the latest tracks
This album is literally one of their best works ever! Glad that I bought it ! An album containing all their old songs , new songs and demos couldn't ask for more!!!!
This is the best anthology album so far!!!Hopefully bts can get whatever they wants from this album.. grammys maybe??? grammys pls be fair to them
I really enjoy listening to this album. Listen to "Yet to Come" if you haven't https://youtu.be/kXpOEzNZ8hQ
Wow this album is incredible! It really shows their old style and how far they’ve come with their music career. Especially with their 3 new tracks bring in their own style. I hope one day to purchase this album because from unboxing videos and reviews, it seems to be totally worth my money!
no words!! I’mm in love with this beautiful, wonderful, stunning, magical, celestial album! this is real treasure, it contains amazing
Proof is a masterpiece! I love how the songs are listed in order on the album! I’m happy and crying at the same time! The new songs are so amazing! BTS are on another level! I love this album!
MIND-BLOWING ALBUM. Everything about this album is put out in best way. It's the album where you will come to know about everything about them. and the newly added songs are *chef kiss*
Escuché el álbum de principio a fin y fue una experiencia muy increíble. Toda su carrera musical y evolución en un solo álbum está bien contada gracias a la buena elección de canciones. Puedes vivir el viaje que ha tenido durante todos estos 9 años el grupo solamente escuchando.
This is the best album i've every got and i like that they make this kind of anthology album their old and new song are top tier
the album is amazing!!! exceeded all my expectations and I am very satisfied and happy
Such precious memories wrapped up into one beautifully crafted album made for the fans and fans only. BTS creating an anthology album further establishes their incredible and ingenious artistry all these 9 years. Somehow 9 years seem long but also feels so short at the same time. What an incredible journey they’ve decided to showcase through an album. Thank you, BTS.
This album is like a ride from the past to the present. Through this album you can see BTS’ growth for 9 years of their career. This album also showcases the wide range of their discography. They have produced songs of various genres that anyone could explore and will definitely find a song to their taste no matter what kind of genre you enjoy.
Lindo do início ao fim, uma montanha russa entre diversos gêneros musicais e emoções, forte e intimista, um passeio pela trajetória inspiradora e muito bem sucedida do grupo, um presente inesquecível em comemoração aos 9 anos.
This is everything that I imagined for a BTS anthology album to be all about. More so, it exceeded my expectations. It contains all of their most renowed works, the storyline that they have incorporated since the beginning. Indeed, this album holds a special place in both the hearts of AMRYs and BTS themselves.
The album Proof brings together a whole story, it brings together the career of the BTS Group and despite being too complex for the heads of some "fans". This album has the ability to touch the heart of every army that lived this whole story with the 7 members of group, no matter what part of the path you've come to this album is also part of your journey with BTS.
Best anthology.
Rrun bulletproof Rrun yeah you gotta rrun Rrun bulletproof Rrun yeah you gotta rrun
This album shows the reason why BTS have millions of fans. They capture the hearts of every BTSArmy fans through their music. They own their music, they share their experiences as teens through music that everyone can relate. No wonder they've got millions of fans all over the world. Who would have thought that 7 korean boys could produce such great music and have this anthology album? No one is doing it like BTS. This album is the story about their youth, experiences, struggles and their success. This album is about the story and history of BTS and BTSARMY! This album is a gift from BTS to BTSARMY!
This album is great! Really like Yet to come, Run BTS, For Youth and born singer!
This album is a complete package as you go and discover more about the BTS music. Listening to and appreciating their music knowing those significant meaning behind on it. Proof brings you from BTS's beginnings as performers and idols to the present day, proving who they were, and everything they stand for. From this lead single, Yet To Come, it was symbolic and meaningful from all the memories of the songs included , and if you're not a fan of them,  you won't understand what I'm talking about. And i love how they dicided to released an antology album which is a perfect way to close door and started a new chapter. Thank you so much BTS for creating this masterpiece and what should we wanna focus on! BTS fighting!
So much feelings going through while listening to this album. It feels like down to memory lane and growth with BTS.
This album is truly outstanding. The way it captured their path from past to present, combining multiple genres, songs with versatile lyrics, covering numerous topics, it is truly amazing! Their new songs also showcase their diversity well and are astonishing- the lyrics, their voices the whole music - i was speechless and still am. To say this album id a masterpiece is an understatement. I have been enjoying listening to it ever since it was released, you can find song for every mood - from being sad, happy, melancholic, hyped, for workouts, etc. The concept is genius and the album is marvellous.
This album is amazing, so much pride BTS, I purple you
this album is so special for whole fandom. every song is unique and beautiful. these boys are amazing people and my respect to them is SO huge
PROOF is a wonderful album by BTS which takes you through their journey of the past 9 years as musicians and how they grew to become the biggest band in the world with their hardwork and talent from a mere bankrupt agency.The 3 CDs are gorgeous. BTS albums are top notch.It contains all of BTS's hits till date which closes their 1st chapter.A new ERA of BTS begins!
I really like the album born singer is a really good song, and yet to come is a beautiful song run bts i really like too, stop hating on then people are so disgusting these days.
From born singer to yet to come to run bts to for youth every single song on this album is so good
PROOF is actually our proof that BTS are not simply a boy band, but a group of artist that can go from a ballad like Yet To Come to pop-rock insanely good song like Run BTS.Great music and great hope for their future.
this album is a brilliant summary to connect 9 years music history. they started as teenagers. they write songs in many different music genres. they prove that they change some notes, tempo and some passages of text without belittling the ir work.their song selection brilliantly tells of their ups and downs as an artist. it also shows in an extraordinary way how differently the members let their own personality flow into the songs.
This album is beautifully created with tracks that amazingly tells BTS story and journey since debut. Proof album is like a walk on desert and ocean since BTS didn't shy away from their hardships but instead embrace it and use it as their inspiration to push harder. The tracks are smartly selected by the members themselves to be shared to other especially to their fans, ARMY'S.
New releases are amazing and true to their own style of music showing the vocal line and the rap line strengths BTS did amazing
BTS's journey, self-expression, and love for army in 3 CDs that showcase the highlights of the last decade of BTS's idol journey from trainees, to rookies, to one of the biggest international musical acts. A legendary anthology album to end the first chapter of their careers opening the legacy of BTS to everything "yet to come". Perfect for anyone willing to dive into BTS music and what they stand for as well as perfect for army's, new and old, reflecting and reminiscing on the products of BTS's love, determination, endless hard work, and passion for music and their beliefs.
Love the cd3 it really is a gift for fans only , or listeners who had followed their past albums love the Epiphany demo ver. if they put that in streaming apps it'll be a heard by a lot even non fans for sure . The album shows the depth of their musicality and their range , you'll see the obvious difference from Yet to Come to RUN BTS . You also can see and feel their journey from teens to young men through the developement of their voices and the meanings of their songs . When BTS releases album you know for sure no skips and top notch music . They placed boy bands in a higher level that can compete with top calibre musicians.
definitely the best **** you ever gonna hear okay so let’s see it contains the best songs of the best boy group’s discography along with demos that are exclusively available on the cd and we also get 4 new songs all of which are elite so just enjoy man p.s . run bts is a banger
Прекрасный альбом с великолепной жанровой и смысловой наполненностью позволяет проследить творчество и рост группы сквозь время, а новые трэки оставляют чувство уверенности в следующей творческой главе своим глубоким посылом и неиссякаемой энергией. Run, bulletproof!
This album has been thought through in every detail. The cover, the photos, the songs EVERY little detail was through through by the band. Cd 1 gives you walk through their 9 years as a band. Cd 2 shows who every single member is, as they have expressed the reason they chose every song on cd 2. And do not let me get started on cd 3 the way they managed to make THIS CD a whisper to their fans’ ears BY nor being digital but only physical and with songs that mean a lot to their fans! This CD is AMAZING & BEAUTIFUL
I love this album so much!! The new songs are amazing and means a lot for us armys!
A great album, by the best band! Talented guys went through a difficult path and didn't break down! This album is proof of their creativity. BTS ARE THE BEST!! I RECOMMEND THIS ALBUM TO EVERYONE.
This new BTS album is so amazing and lovely!!Im so glad they made this so more people got to know their old songs. and while listening to this its always mix emosion but its okay
This album is magic and a masterpiece to put an end to BTS' first chapter (of many that will come)!
The perfect way to familiarize yourself with BTS is you are just getting into them. This anthology album takes you on a journey from the very beginning to now, showcasing their vocal ranges, rap skills and production/songwriting talents. Featuring 3 brand new songs, as well as a 3rd disc not available on streaming platforms of previously unreleased demos. A wonderful gift to current ARMYs and a roadmap of their first 9 years for future ARMYs.
There are not enough words to explain how amazing and beautiful this album is! It showcases the best songs of BTS' discography and as you listen you hear the growth and the development from each member! I am so proud and so full of love for BTS and I hope that everyone who listens to this album also too falls in love with BTS! The three new songs on this album are so admirable as each one is unique and special in its own way! For me this is the album of the year!
This is literally the proof of why they are so big right now. The artistry, the lyrics, the flow and melody. From the first track until the last it is all perfectly curated.
An absolutely beautiful album. Everything bts touches turns to something more valuable than gold. My personal rankings of the new songs are: 1. For Youth 2. Run Bts 3. Yet to Come. This ranking was one of the hardest I've ever done because all three of them are so insanely amazing. I've been streaming since release and I will never get tired of these songs. Bts fighting! Army loves you forever and always
Only 9 years into their career they've done everything some musicians took decades to do still with as much care and attention to detail like during their debut. It's truly amazing what these boys can achieve, and Proof is their proof, it's self explanatory.
This album has meaning of life & I feel happy and positive when i listen to it. It reminds me a lot of memories about this 2 spring and winter full of happiness
It's their one of best albumThis album contains their whole journey from the start and end to their first chapter as they said their best is yet to come so their will be a chapter 2 it's amazing that they chose anthology album to end thier chapter 1 it's well showed that how they expressed their 10 years it's soo good and have a perfect meaning in it this album express how they fought together and had their each others back whenever needed them this album shows how BTS came soo far with army They are best and they choose the best THE BEST IS YET TO COME
proof is a good album because it helps new people who have joined the fandom to live past eras and discover bts discography better
What a wonderful way of reflecting back on their career and highlighting some of the most prominent past tracks. Absolutely brilliant of them to create an anthology album. The new tracks have so much variety and nuance to them, blending really well with the plethora of their discography.
Very nice album. Yet to come and for youth lyrics are so good. Run BTS SLAPS!!
best thing ever made what can i say
PROOF is the best album for new fans like me to discover the most important tracks of BTS career it shows their 9 years of good music and good talent Just excellent .
Best album ever!Being an anthology album and showing off all their discography. Their songs are very touchy and moving. Few energise me alot . Few motivate me but they never disappoint me.
As a newer army i think this album it is the perfect to dive on their 9 year discography and enjoy the 3 new songs plus the born singer witch is not new to the bts army world. This album is the proof off what BTS are capable for and what made them one off the greatest bands in our generation.
It is an incredible album, very diverse, they bring their best songs over the years and many of them contain beautiful messages for youth, without a doubt the best album of the year.
This album is so special. It contains they journey from debut to this date and they said that this is the end of their first chapter. And of course the best is yet to come.Run BTS is my fav so far, the rock hiphop track with that guitar riffs oh I'm obsessed.Go get a listen and you won't get dissapointed.
it's great! many references to past era'sT_T it's like a compilation from bts past till now, the proof. and I LOVE RUN BTS OMGFJDJ
A wonderful album filled with BTS' musical journey and meaningful songs. The album that has a special connection between BTS and Army as they grew together as a person, band, and fandom in the past 9 years.
Proof is an excellent album that encompasses the diversity, eloquence and evolution of BTS' musical career and artistry. With 3 all-new songs which not only showcase BTS' profound ability to genre-hop, but are also incredibly meaningful and self-reflective lyrics, this album not only provides in it's individual tracks, but it also provides an overall, overarching musical and artistic journey for the listener to be captured into. A journey from BTS' older hip-hop inspired days, to their new genre-hopping selves. As a way to introduce newer fans to the large and well-made discography of BTS, as well as being a method for older fans to reminisce and explore the musical journey of their favourite group, Proof provides anything and everything a listener could want.
This is too good. It feels like I was given a ride from past to present to future of my life.
I love it, bts never disappointed. This made me very nostalgic, made me remember all the good times with the old songs, and yet to come was a perfect massage. The best is yet to come.
Hearing the story of such a complete group is so satisfying. This anthology is the example of the work and evolution that music should have
I Love this album
The honesty in their music and the way they use it to capture their stories and to inspire others' will never not leave me speechless! This album takes you on a journey and is a great window to their vast but impeccable discography that spans almost a decade and their growth as individuals, as artists.
PROOF is an album that tells a story worth knowing and understanding. More than content melodies and lyrics, listening to this album and researching the context of each track takes you on an inspiring and surprising journey. For those unwilling to understand the weight of this album, it may seem that BTS just created a compilation of some of their best songs, but considering the group's own words to fans at one of their last shows PROOF is a testament, a reflection on the past and its lessons while contemplating the future. PROOF represents BTS cleaning the house to make room for a new journey. If every person who had contact with this album tried to understand its weight beyond the songs, a 10 wouldn't even do it justice. There is no grade for so much work, so much perseverance, so much inspiration and so much talent.
The album is a perfect walk through the history of BTS and shows their growth and diversity. New Song Run BTS is a infectious guitar heavy track that showcases both the rap and vocal lines. For Youth and Yet to Come perfectly sum up their past while For Youth promises a brilliant future , together with ARMY.
This is a great album! Starting off with Born Singer makes you realize what music truly mean for BTS. Then, you take a journey through their past songs and see why millions of fans love them! And please don’t get me started with RUN BTS! It’s a certified ass shaker. I am proud of these young men and I am ready to walk the path with them and see what is in store for chapter two.
This album contains all their past eras since their debut and that’s pretty good specially for the new armys that haven’t discovered their old era yet.
Thank you BTS for an amazing album, the best is yet to come and I’m here for it :)
Very good. Many good song in this album, especially Yet to come and Run BTS
Perfect way to celebrate the anniversary of a group with such a beautiful trajectory and history. It’s allowing newer fans to experience the eras they never got to experience, and letting those who did to relive them. The new tracks perfectly represent the BTS essence; through these songs they express their love not only for their fans, but for each other and their journey. BTS proves once again that they are here to stay.
I love this album, Proof capture how BTS have grown so much as an artist and this album is their proof.
Proof is evidence of why BTS is leading the pop scene at the moment. It highlights the best they have put out in the past nine years as well as 3 new digital songs showing that they haven't lost their touch.
Esse álbum é magnífico, as músicas tem melodias tão boas e energia incrível.
this first Anthology Album by K-Pop Group is very raw and mature. Through this album, BTS shows that they are artists who really use passion in creating things.
this album inculeded bts' best of the best old songs and new 3 song. its just fascinating that seeing their growth with this anthology album.
very beautiful song, meaningful lyrics and very good mv remind us of their journey. I really like their comeback this time
There a lot of taste in this album, it's great to know the combination between Korean and English lyrics and sounds. Perfect
Run Bulletproof, RunYeah! You Gotta Run (Run, Run)Run Bulletproof, RunYeah! You Gotta Run (Run, Run)Run Bulletproof, RunYeah! You Gotta Run (Run, Run)Run Bulletproof
This is the best album that I’ve ever listened to. Yet to come is so heartwarming and nice and run bts is so good that I can’t stop listening to it. I’m sure that it’s gonna be viral soon.
Best BTS album so far love all 3 new song run bulletproof run, yeah, you gotta run (Run, run)
Always good and good. Reminds them of their struggle from the beginning of their debut. Makes the fans nostalgic. I'm very proud of all the members being able to set their hearts on surviving until this success
Os maiores i digo maisO álbum é perfeito, fez todas as armys chorarem pela a incrível nostalgia que sentimos!
While listening to this anthology album, that single-handedly confirms the versatility and outstanding quality of BTS' music catalog, I can't help but think that in times where music has started to loose it's original roots, BTS have stayed true to their musicality and have continued to tell meaningful stories through their music, one way or another, whether people understand it or not. This album is their history, their voices put together talking about matters of society, of love, of acceptance, of their reality as human beings with all eyes on them. Their story told in metaphors or told straightforward– each member with their own charismatic, unique delivery; the members of rap line with their different ways of approaching the same theme– this anthology is a brief guide into what Bangtan Sonyeondan believes in and stands for, as well as a quick look into their discography.It's a time-machine into the years between 2013 and 2022, showing their growth as artists, musicians, vocalists, rappers and, last but not least, people.Closing off the first chapter with their history brought together into one album, as well as promising that their best is yet to come; BTS are up to no less than even more bright future.
A masterpiece! BTS' discography since 2015 delivers all types of genres, their strong message has been there since the beginning. A wonderful journey through their career. Every song is a delight listen to, their incredible unique voices, the melodies, the range in every aspect... fantastic experience. Also all members shine with their own solo songs. Very excited where their next chapter will take us!
Después de 9 años, la increíble carrera e historia musical de BTS obtiene una merecida compilacioón. Cómo parte de ARMY hubiera incluído muchísimas más canciones que me parecen icónicas, sin embargo, apostar por los "Title tracks" es una buena idea para quiénes apenas están entrando en el fascinante mundo de BTS. Las nuevas canciones tienen el sello del grupo, ya sea por la sinceridad con la que se dirigen a sus fans para agradecer su apoyo todo este tiempo o por la sagacidad de sus palabras para hablar de su éxito. El tercer disco que trae los demos de tantas canciones clásicas es un tesoro invaluable para quienws admiramos tanto su trabajo y esfuerzo. Además de que nos permiten ver un poco todo el trabajo previo que hay en todas sus canciones.La recopilación es un festejo tanto para el grupo como para ARMY en estos 9 años de maravillosa historia, además es el cierre de un viaje extraordinario por parte del grupo y la puerta de entrada a lo que está por venir como lo menciona el sencillo principal. Y ahí estaremos, para ver lo que tiene BTS para sorprendernos.
Honestly one of the best albums released this year. Cant beleive that after 2 years of waiting they have released an anthology album. So proud of how far they have come. Proud of u Bangtan
What's surprising about this album is that even though I've heard many of the songs before, the remastering and order they're in makes it new. The 4 new songs, and I include Born Singer as new, are all different from each other. Ballads to hip hop, it's all there. Definitely worth the listen
THIS ALBUM IS A TOTAL BANGER!!.. It perfectly shows the emotions and the hard work they've done throughout their journey, to the place where they're standing right now and that is "ORGANICALLY" And i just saw some nugu groups on tiktoks and tweets saying that PROOF is not doing numbers like other (songs, albums) of BTS as if we asked for their opinion .. then i realised it's always BTS Vs BTS so why waste our time and energy on them yeah!!? Better use it on streaming... so let's get it!!
very few artists have such rich, diverse and meaningful discography, and even fewer are worthy of an anthology album. bts is without a doubt one of the very few worthy ones. happy to be writing this review at the threshold of their 9th anniversary as a group. a beautiful album made out of a long trajectory full of ups and downs, a strong bond between the members and almost a decade of blood, sweat and tears (pun intended!), filled with songs that embody in its entirety the meaning of BTS, each one carefully selected by every member.if you, like many others, heard about them first thanks to their english singles "Dynamite" or "Butter", you're in for a surprise with this release. and a good one, i might add. this album gathers both their most popular korean music and brings some of their criminally underrated songs (released before they were known as the global superstars they are today) to light at the same time.underrated or not, the core of BTS' music was and will always be one's personal growth as a person. a journey that reflects not only the almost decade the group has been together, but their own individual development throughout the years. traveling through the challenging experience that is youth to the discovery of our real selves, who we want to be, what inspires us to keep going. to learn from our past mistakes and grow to become better people. to seek justice and fight for what's right, to aim for great things, to believe we are worthy of greatness. that's BTS, and it's safe to say this anthology encapsulates all of this flawlessly.people might talk, others might belittle and trolls can write negative reviews in here all they want. none of it will erase the fact that BTS has impacted the world positively... and this is just the beginning.as kim namjoon once said, "i will prove it to you all". and here it is. here's the PROOF.
This album is so great! I feel the intimacy between BTS and Army. And Run BTS burn antis so they're here to put bad rate for BTS and definitely not objective
This album is a beautiful collection of the past 10 amazing years of bangtan. An album that brings bangtan and army together, reflecting on the growth of all of us this album will make you cry. You will sob and cry and wish you had Namjoons thighs to wrap around your neck. It is amazing and beautiful and deserved a million awards. Btw stream yet to come or you won’t have clear skin.
This album reflect their growth and hardwork. There’s literally no skips. And those songs contains their own stories and life experiences. Songs that they wrote and produced themselves! They have inspired so many people in the world! Let’s run harder in the chapter !
o álbum é maravilhoso, trazendo o passado de volta e com as melhores e importantes músicas, esse é o bts
An anthology album well curated by the team/BTS members reflective of their roots, journey, hard work and dedication/love of their craft. It is an introspective diary of what/how was, their current philosophy, to a promise of more and better things to come for themselves, their art and ARMY!
This album fully shows proof of their growth after all the things they've experience and thats for me is very inspring
This Album shows their great discography! Every Track is great. I love the Titel Song "Yet to Come"
The best album I've ever known. You need to give a listen and I guarantee it will be worth your time
This is how an anthology album should be, I expect nothing less from legends! I have loved their music for a very long time and have always loved the way they produce their albums. So I bought the set version, it is a very pretty album first of all. It is filled with BTS' history as the biggest group on the planet. And the music? *chefs kiss* It has 3 brand new songs and I am currently obsessed with Run BTS.
Was a bit sceptical when they announced an anthology and not a new album, but honestly these 3 CDs are SO WELL done and organised. They tell the story of their music and their artistry so well that I have been very very impressed! It really shows the variety of musical styles and genre that the group is famous, the strength of their lyricism and the dedication to their work and fans. When I heard that the 3rd CD containing demos and unreleased tracks is not going to be available on streaming platforms, I bought the physical copy just for that. It is the first time in yeeeaaars that I bought a physical, but it was SO worth it. 10/10
best album ever wow wow just wowwww loved it so much a masterpiece just amazing
Full of their amazing discography from 2013 to 2022 that never gets old. The 3 new tracks are stuck on my mind
This is such a great album highlighting the trajectory of BTS’ journey as artists who inspires the world. It was such a lovely experience to witness one of the significant moments of BTS’ artistry. Thank you for gifting us such precious album, the anthology. Sending more power and strength!
Proof is such a incredible album and it shows their story that's why is so special!
This is an anthology album full of bts hits. And its worth your time to listen to it. 3 new songs in the album are as good as all the hits that already existed. And all the demos in cd3? Perfection.
"Proof" is soo amazing! Your songs reassure me like no one else can, i love it
This album really express all of BTS' journey through the past 9 years, including 3 songs that perfectly representas the past, present and future of BTS as a group with a bond never seen before.
Only some artists can be active for almost 10 years and be this consistent,versatile & involved in their music. One of the best anthology albums ever made.
this is a great anthology album! listening from the first song of the 1st cd to the last cd is kind a similar to a story telling
The songs are so good, I could spend my whole life listening to them. Also, the choice of your old songs are amazing, your demos then...
All the songs are amazing can’t stop listening to it best album ever….
Exceptional This album is an anthology album that shows the journey of BTS this past nine years. With three complete new songs BTS shows the range in music they've always been known for. This album doesn't disappoint and gives fans a collection of some of BTS favorite tracks plus an extra CD that focuses on demos, not previously released, that only true fans of BTS will appreciate.
One of their best album. I really love this album .never regret buying and streaming it.
While BTS' existing discography would've been enough to show why they are where they are, the three new tracks perfectly highlight their genius in using their sound, their words & voices to tell exactly how they feel about their past, present and future. The title track Yet To Come, along with Run BTS & For Youth are their letter of love, gratitude, determination & nostalgia mixed with their signature brand of dissing without pointing fingers.Coming to Disc 3 - It was just pure joy to be able to listen to these demos & unreleased songs that they've shared exclusively with us. It left me feeling all the more sure of my decision to support them in their journey to create great music telling stories they wanna tell - they have the talent, skill, attitude, genius, & I repeat, grit & determination to do that, and do it successfully.
Proof is the entire history of Bangtan so far, a perfect way to loose yourself in memories of the past succes and wait for the future masterpiece this seven boys from South Korea have in store.4 new songs, everyone a little piece of art itself, and a cd full of demos and tracks never released to the public are here to complete the picture of their nine years of singing, dancing and producing astonishing music. A must have for Army and a perfect way to catch up for new fans!
an anthological album is not for any artist, for that it must have a strong discography for the album to sustain itself to the public, BTS is capable of that because with so much power in their songs, with so much deserved support, they made "PROOF" be a beautiful recap of their history and art, BTS knows how to make music and proves that no matter what language they are able to touch people all over the world and not even 1/3 of artists ever made it.
The “proof” album is excellent. I could listen to it all day. It retraces the course of BTS well.
Eu adorei o novo álbum
This album has so many different genres, everyone with different music taste will find something according to their taste, loved it.
One of the best anthology album I have ever seen. The 3 new tracks has completely different genre. The title tracks hold their past journey and emotions. Especially the lyrics are well written. Their old songs too are amazing as always. Overall, I enjoyed every single song of this album.
One of the best album of BTS..album is all about emotion and their journey...BTS discography is extraordinary
It’s a wonderful collection of the vast music discography of BTS, from the past to the present with the introduction of the new musics. To their fans it’s like visit all the 9 years of history of the group, and to the new listeners it’s a great way to discover why they became one of the biggest groups of all time.
Its a great album. Their growth is shown in this album. It has many memories. Its the Album of the year. The new songs in the album r sooo good. Give it a listen to who didn't, trust me u will not regret it
I really like the title track YTC. There's no leftovers for this album. There's no way i'll give this a lower rating.
This album is a journey of the BTS musical history, its show us the differents genres of their music, I really apreciate how they grow up as an artists, the lyrics of each song is absolutely amazing, you can heard not only their music as a group, this includes a solo songs, where you can appreciate their individual talent.
For someone who is just recently getting into BTS and may only be familiar with their English songs, this anthology is the perfect introduction as it neatly gives an overview, or a summary, to the Korean group's career. It shows the versatility and the growth of the 7 members as musicians and as people. The group continues to show the world that they are a force to be reckoned with, not just on the internet but also in the music industry.
This album holds beautiful memory memories. their journey for music for 9 years with the name of the good album "Proof". they always give songs various genres and provide beautiful messages
a beautiful anthology album that provides several sensations, among them that of nostalgia in the fans. a great album.
THIS IS BTS ALBUM SO IT'S BESTTTTT NO NEED TO EXPLAIN IG.... BTS SONG,ALBUM= BESTEST
Proof album of BTS is such a masterpiece, it's an anthology album with their hit songs and 4 new songs. Reflects thier past albums and storyline. In 2020 when we were stuck in our houses , i found my true happiness as BTS. Their music comforted me . Thank you BTS for everything you did .. i will hold proof close fo my heart forever
Proof is the first anthology album from BTS. It contains their strongest and among others some of their most personal songs. With the title track "Yet to Come" we are taken back to their past and how it relates to the present and future. In the last nine years BTS have made the impossible possible and this album contains everything they needed to make it happen.
This album is a wonderful anthology for fans old and new alike. There are the hits but also 3 new songs which are all exceptional. They have also included demo versions of songs which are sometimes surprising and offer a glimpse into the writing process. This is a love letter for Army and for casual listeners or the curious an amazing way to discover the legends that are BTS.
The best anthology album ever The title being the end to chapter one will all happy good endings and memories The b side being the a freaking masterpiece with its hiphop style and fact bomb lyrics The end song of cd3 being a beautiful gift to army’s
Amazing music and very well put together. It tells the story of BTS extremely well.
ES UN ÁLBUM HERMOSO TIENE TODO LO QUE FUE BTS DESDE SU DEBUT ME DIO MUCHA NOSTALGIA ESCUCHARLO ERA UN URACAN DE EMOCIONES YA QUE TENÍA CANCIONES PARA CAMBIAR EL AMBIENTE JSJSJ LO MÁXIMO ESTE ÁLBUM
BTS is a once in a lifetime music group who exhibit such great versatility and passion for their craft. As someone who has followed them for over 5 years now, I've seen how dedicated and hardworking they have been ever since. This Proof album is the fruit of their labor of the past 9 long years, and it is filled with music of a variety of genres which the members of the group themselves have participated in writing, producing, and composing. BTS' music's' lyrics contain themes that do not always revolve around heartbreak and romance. Instead, they speak of social injustice, self-love, friendship, and so much more. BTS have always been known as artists who make music for healing, and this album can attest to that. They deserve every ounce of praise they get, and I invite everyone here to give their music a listen without any prejudice.
The anthology is well-executed. It portrays the best of the best of bts’ discography while also showing their progression from debut to present day. The additions of three new songs; an introduction/teaser for their future work, an ode to their supporters, and a feel good/clever song portraying their bond and pride in themselves, are all well-placed and unique and phenomenal. All the demos and unreleased versions of older songs give existing supporters a treat by giving us an insider look into their hit-making-process. New fans have a little bit of everything to sample from, since the tracks on the album spans across several genres. All in all, another great album by bts.
oh you're in for a ride. the best way to listen to this album is in order and i would definitely recommend reading lyrics translations (you can get those on doolset bangtan). also the range in this album is no joke!
Such an amazing album, love all of the songs here. You will know that bts has a wide range of genre
The album of the century!! It has everything, BTS really did an amazing job with this one
Absolutely amazing! All the new songs are beautiful and full with so much love and emotion! Run BTS is definitely my favorite right now! Hope to see a music video for it!
an amazing album, their entire discography is gold i bought this album on pre-order and i don't regret it
This album is the “proof” of BTS’ hard work throughout their first chapter within the 10 years they’ve spent together. It contains songs that speak their stories and the messages they want others to hear. BTS’ lyricism shows how brilliant and talented these seven men are. I’ve listened to their music for a very long time now and this album just proves that all of their music was created with passion and love for music. I really love this album because it brings back so many memories and reminds us of the path BTS and ARMY have been through.
Best way to make an anthology album. A look back on the hits that made them and the reason they were loved. Also a big thank you with love for the fans who have loved them thru the years. The new songs Yet To Come, Run BTS and For Youth show all those plus how much this 7 men for South Korea have grown in their music as well as a team. music
BTS does not disappoint. This album was the perfect ending to Chapter 1. All the things you love about BTS were once again shown and you can definitely see why they are at the top
I really enjoyed listening to the album, as they have so many great genres, I think more people should listen to it before judging as my favorite song where run bts, yet come, and for youth. I think it was worth listening to it
this album is so good, I love it so much!! The songs and everything they are awesome !!!!
This album is really amazing, this show how they grow up.. you can see their hardwork from this album
Acompanho o grupo há pouco tempo, agora que já são grandes no mundo todo, e fico impressionada em como eles honram a sua trajetória e continuam fiéis a ela, não é algo comum de se ver. Esse álbum é uma viagem no tempo contando a sua história e nos da uma noção de como eles se tornaram esse sucesso mundial que são agora. É uma homenagem aos próprios membros do grupo e sua equipe, por seu trabalho duro, e também claramente uma homenagem aos fãs de longa data (que com certeza pegaram todas as referências!!).Mesmo pra quem vem de fora e não pegou a trajetória completa do grupo, como eu, continua um album delicioso de se ouvir. Foi o primeiro álbum de música que comprei e estou mais do que satisfeita. Ele é poderoso, divertido, emocional e relaxante, tudo no mesmo. BTS merece todo esse prestígio que estão tendo, são figurinhas raras hoje em dia. Desejo que as pessoas abram mãos de seus preconceitos e deem uma chance pra ouvir o trabalho deles, a música supera qualquer barreira.Nota 10.
i love the album so much!! it has 3 CDs which contains BTS journey throughout their music career. Must buy this album to own 3rd CD and hear the unreleased demos of some official bts songs. Absolute favorite demo is Spring Day V ver., DNA jhope ver and Epiphany jin ver.
Honestly love how the tracklist is organized. All songs are representatives of who they are as artists and of all the things they have achieved and will achieve with their music. All three new songs are of varying sounds but are equally great. Looking forward to these seven boys' next chapter!
I'm out of words. This anthology album is beautiful. This album really shows who BTS really is. You can really tell that they more than just their english songs.
The best album of the world, with beautiful songs that make me feel so special
its an incredible album, definitely. bts never disappointed me, they're awesome always
Ive heard some of the songs before and they are quite good so beautifully written and composed. Run BTS song is a banger and my fav from this album. Yet to come the title track i guess might be an emotional song for the armies. Pied piper and born singer are new to me and they are so good i wish I'd heard them before. I'm attached to zero 0clock
So GOOD!! The taste…. just
One of the best album by bts . As an anthology album it deserved the highest rating. The album truly represents the whole journey of Bts . I really loved this album
One of the best anthology album ever and its so personal for all us armys. From the new songs to the older ones to all the demos everything was just perfect. Born singer has been my favorite BTS track since forever and seeing it on the album with fresher voice makes me so emotional.....they have worked hard and come a long way and it reflects
I just heard the Proof album by BTS along with my family and we absolutely loved it. This album once again solidifies the musical genius of BTS and their impeccable discography.My family often thought BTS only did POP but this album opened their eyes and ears to the musical range BTS has to offer. The 3 new songs are EXCELLENT and they are from different genres which again goes to show there is no genre BTS cant excel in. Their love for music shines through each and every song in this album. This is not an album it is musical journey through genuinely good music. Am so excited for their NEXT BEAUTIFUL MOMENT cause it will be the best once again.
Proof has become one of the most memorable album for me as an army. This literally hold their history since debut to present. I'm proud to say that bangtan really exceeded our expectations and never disappoint. I'm excited to the promotions and upcoming contents
This anthology albums compiles not only BTS title songs and greatest hits that has paved a way for them to become global superstars, but allows fans (ARMYs) to reminisce 9 years of their musical journey. Proof's title track "Yet To Come" looks back on BTS musical career and declare that they're just 7 artists who love creating music. The album is broken into three separate CDs each showing a different aspects over their artistic trajectory. The first CD arranges all BTS titles tracks (with the inclusion of an official release of "Born Singer" which was originally just on SoundCloud) throughout their 9 years together showcasing a wide variety of genres. While the second CD are various songs handpicked by the members that spoke to them and their individuality. Lastly the third CD (which is not currently on any streaming platforms) is amassed from demos, unreleased works and the last song "For Youth" which begins with an insert from their fans singing along to "Young Forever" (a song that has become quintessentially meaningful to both artist and fans). Overall the album beautifully captures the last 9 years and closes the first chapter of BTS artistry with their best yet to come.
Amazing album the new tracks plus seeing the history of BTS is so amazing….. And the demos
Este album ha sido un encuentro de nostalgia por todos sus años de carrera.
Proof is really a beautiful Album, it is a roll coaster of emotions! Fans of dynamite and Butter era have gotten a chance to listen to the deep Lyrism of BTS and their true talent. It's a beautiful Album and have listened without skipping any song. Because each song is unique and different. I love Proof
This is one of the best albums i’ve ever listened to. Yet To Come is so sad yet so sweet. It sounds similar to Whalien 52 in my opinion. Run BTS is so good. Everything about it is just amazing. The vocals, the rapping, etc. I’ve already memorized the entire song. For Youth is so sad but really good. It opens with BTS and Army singing Forever Young together, and that made me cry. The song is really good though. Especially the part at the end where JK says “You’re my bestfriend for the rest of my life”. Anyways I hope you like the album. I purple you
They started 9 years ago and have special songs that new fans and locals have not heard. Now, with this album, they remind those who have not heard the old songs and turn the 9 years they spent together into a memory. Thank you for staying steadfast all these years and showing it to us.
I'm so happy BTS did this album. It's the perfect way to show to people who discover BTS, who BTS is and what is their musical story. This album it's just a masterpiece. No lot of artist in the world can do an anthology album, BTS did it and in the best way.
Gostei muito do que foi apresentado para nós neste álbum, das músicas mais antigas ao novos lançamentos, esse caras são brilhante, tem todo o meu respeito e admiração.
I know this 7 boys since 2016, they are born singer, they made everything with their bare hands what they are right now! Successful biggest boy band of the planet, history maker, UN speaker, inspiring good humans like them world really need not gonna lie. Proof reflects their all stories since their journey, they didn't forget their roots, they never forget to mention their armys everywhere. That's why people love them so much, and their music??? THEY ARE BEST AND ALWAYS UNTOUCHABLE, LIVING LEGENDS! So proud of them
As a fan who got into BTS 4 years after they first debuted, i've always wished i could have begun this journey with them right from the beginning. Proof is an album that embraces ARMY who come from every possible moment of BTS career. Every single choice of song in this album from their vast discography is selected for a reason. The three new songs are true testament to BTS versatility and their incredible pen games when it comes to songwriting as well as BTS own in-house producers skills. This is one band that is not defined or confined by a specific genre to their discography. Proof is an anthology album that not only can be appreciated by BTS fans but also music lovers everywhere. Open your heart to the depth of their Korean lyrics which fans have translated to multiple languages, the unique blend of pop, ballad, alternative rock, hip hop with some traditional Korean music with many other music genres and immerse yourself into their journey as artists. At the heart of this album are the passion BTS have for music and their love for their fans, ARMY.
I am listening this album and I AM LOVING SO MUCH, "Yet To Come" is a warm song with "Four Youth" but you can dance with "RUN BTS" ALL NIGHT!! I really love Proof! Now I'm listening Run Bts and hello man!!! I can't is so good!!!
Their journey from 2013 is beautifully written in this album through music. The three new songs give us the hint for their upcoming new chapter , which we all are excited about. Thanks to BTS for giving us such magical and amazing musical gift.
I personally loved the album so much it's really a good way to end a chapter of their career, yet to come is the perfect title track for it it shows their artistry choices my personal favorite was for youth
It's an amazing album with a lot of emotion involved in dealing with the end of eras to start something new, it's beautiful, Bts has put together and produced great music.
This one of BTS' best albums ever and all of their new songs are gems too
This ALBUM have everything I needed the peace the chaos everything ! And i am
the album shows bts journry across genres, topics and feelings. as this is an anthology this is a great place for new listeners to get to know bts. and also a gift for existing fans since the 3rd cd includes demos of older songs and two unreleased songs. the three brand new songs are an icing on the delicious cake that is bts’ discography. an amazing album!
Each song in this album is their journey while Yet to come is for ArmysBut the best song in the album is Run BTSthey really did so well in this albumThe flow of every track just made it an impeccable experience
This album as a whole shows the immense versatility and the flawless discography of BTS from 'first Korean act' to the 'first ever Artist' BTS have achieved immense success by singing in their native tongue Korean. This album is the Proof of their success and why they're where they're right now.
Best album!!! Whole album gave me nostalgic vibe...Run bts is my fav track
It was my most awaited Comeback and words can't explain how happy and proud I am !
ALBUM OF THE YEAR ACTUALLY
The songs, the album , the whole package is soo soo soo beautiful.. Yet to come.. The title track is beautiful... Run bts nobody can make a song like this. Their voices had a different type of serenity in them.. Overall the album is perfect..
best one, it has nostalgic feeling and feels like they’re debuting again! addictive song aka run bts!! just i love it
Album maravilloso, eles tiveram um árduo trabalho p entregar o melhor, simplesmente maravilhoso..
I really love this anthology album. It showcases BTS' flawless discography for the past 9 years. All the new songs are a banger too. 10/10!
Will recommend to everyone
Proof album shows BTS's career journey through there songs since debut in 2013. It's like you're reading a history book but it's through music. Hardwork, perseverance and love of there craft has made them who they are today.
Great picks of songs. I really like the new ones especially Run BTS. The package is also aesthically pleasing.
This is a great Anthology, the 3 news songs are really good and the journey trough their carrier is amazingly done, love it, recommend!
I love Proof from start to finish! BTS are legends and this album cements that. Hearing their growth as artist, taking the journey with them has been cathartic. It’s a masterpiece! I can’t wait to hear what they have for us in their next chapter. Thank you BTS!
proof is an anthology album to close their past 9 years and start a new chapter. it's like a bridge that links the past with the future. and it really does justice to their past 9 years because it doesn't include only the hits but also random b-sides even from their debut times, which are very underrated and need to be appreciated. bts' artistry, their stories, storytelling and everything about their music is presented through this album, which is great. looking forward to the new chapter, new stories, new genres and new lyrics.
this whole album literally gave me a lot of feelingssss. ive been stanning them since 2016 and everytime an old song pops up, it brings me back to whatever year it was released. the new songssss r all bangerrr. their musicality has evolved a lot n im so proud of themmmmm still an army up until now and i dont i will stop to be one. love the boys so much
it's amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love so much thank you for THIS BTS. RUN BULLEPROOF RUN BULLEPROOF OH OHOH I LOVE AND YET TO COME I CRYING
What a beautiful anthology album spanning the 9 years of BTS incredible career! It takes us on a time travel back to the humble beginnings sharing one room to the global superstars they are today. And CD3 is such a gift from artists confident enough in their abilities to share unfinished drafts. Truly unique, and for for the mind, heart, and soul.
This album showcases the journey of BTS in the most perfect way. Starting from their powerful debut song and ending to a beautiful song dedicated to their fans, ARMY. If you're someone who only knew BTS from their hit songs Butter, Dynamite etc, listening to this album will show you just how unique their catalog is and why they're considered one of the biggest groups globally. I will definitely be listening to this album and i'm so excited to see what the new chapter they mention is all about.10/10ps. "Run Bts" just became my favorite song of 2022 so far.
Las nuevas canciones son diversas y llenas de emoción que me engancho bastante, más que todo Run BTS tanto en letra y ritmo. Muy satisfecha!
Love this album. The new songs mixed with the entire discography shows so much growth. Production and lyrics are top tier.
This album allows you to take a look at the entire career of BTS . This is an anthology that reveals the full potential of their career. In each news of the song, they tell what difficulties they have to face, as well as share the moments they received together with the fans. They also express gratitude to their ARMY . They say that the dark streak has ended and a white one is coming . The guys also say that this album is not about how long we have been together, but how much more we have to go togetherholding each other 's hand .The hope of eternal connection shines . And it will definitely be eternal !!
Proof is a great album for both die hard fans and people new to BTS. As fans know, the music is just the beginning. The origin story and their evolution and the labyrinthine side stories keep you coming back for more. This is an anthology of their most iconic songs and personal picks, plus demo versions on the 3rd disc (CD only). The 3 new songs on the album cover their range, soulful emotional ballads to hard driving rap songs, and close the first chapter of their history. The title track Yet to Come is emotional and lovely with deep meaning for existing fans. I find the lyrics both wistful and hopeful. RUN BTS is a bop. It has already spawned a lot of Tic Toc videos because it is just so fun.
a perfect creation thay reflects bts' exquisite and diverse discography of only 10/10 masterpieces while others fail to have even one. a proof that bts are the greatest musicians of our time !
Loved it. The way the group started the album with “Born Singer” announcing to the whole world what they love to do and what they were born to do, then we listen to their title tracks from their debut track “No More Dream” to the latest one released “Butter” only for them to end the first CD with “Yet To Come” where they again announce their love for music and tell their fans that they are closing the first chapter and are ready to keep going forward starting a new chapter (I am already excited to see how they plan on opening it).Then they start the second CD with “Run BTS” which is amazing and it shows another side of them then they make us listen to the members favorite songs of their discography ending it with a gift song for their fans “For Youth” which is so emotional considering they are sampling their own “Young Forever” which means so much to BTS and their fans It’s 10/10 this is how anthology albums should be, they took us through their 9 year old music journey with this album so beautifully.
A brilliant anthology of a stellar 9-year discography aptly titled "PROOF" of penmanship, vocals, and timely messages.
this is SO EFFING AMAZING!!! Although I've heard all these tracks before over the last couple of years, they sound fresh and powerful. Testament to the performances, songwriting and production
this album is amazing, a great summary of bts musical history, you can feel the weight of their work from start to finish.
BTS Proof Anthology album is a gift because aside form a compilation of their title tracks and personally selected songs, it contains a LOT of gems. First, it has their unreleased (for commercial use) song, Born Singer, which was uploaded July 2013 on SoundCloud. The album also contains their demos, including the predebut demo of Jump where the lyrics called them BTB, “Bangtan Boys”, the name they used before they became BTS, Bangtan Sonyeondan. It also contains songs that did not make the cut and were never released in any platform.Proof contains their whole journey SO FAR, and the three new songs, title track Yet to Come, earworm Run BTS, and fan song For Youth are the overarching explainer songs for their journey and unprecedented success. While the newly released 2013 song, Born Singer, shows their reason for existence.Yet to Come focuses on their personal journey and highlights on what they value the most - making music, not awards or accolades. They reaffirmed that they are still the 7 boys from Korea united only by their love for music. Run BTS is a song about the HOW of their success or what brought them to such great heights and BTS only has ONE answer - passionate hard work as they ran with only their 2 legs and nothing else. At the end of the song, they even pushed their fans the RUN for themselves like BTS did.For Youth opens with the emotional Young Forever surprise song by ARMY at the Wembley stadium in 2019. That moment was a precious memory for BTS and ARMY. BTS was taken aback at that time and teared up. For Youth is a love song by BTS for ARMY who never left their side and BTS acknowledged that without ARMY they wouldn’t have reached the success they have. They considered the ARMY as their best friends for life. This is what BTS has always been saying to their fans as well, that they had been walking hand in hand in this journey. Born Singer was made right after they debut. It was uploaded on SoundCloud on July 2013, a month after debut. Young BTS, who had nothing but their talent and dreams, were faced with heavy criticism from the idol music world and the underground hiphop world. They were misfits. They were different. They were mocked. They were unaccepted. Born Singer contains raw lyrics about who they are as young artists and what criticisms other people throw at them. It is a very emotional song.I became an ARMY last year, April 2021. I stumbled upon them while watching a Korean Drama, Itaewon Class, and I was hooked by the OST. I found out it was V from BTS. I looked up all the other songs by V and BTS and I was blown away by the range of their discography and the depth of their lyrics. It took me months to listen to their predebut, spotify, and soundcloud discography. Their songs helped me process my emotions because the lyrics and delivery is superb. I remember being a new fan and streaming the concerts thru Youtube when BTS organized BangBangCon. I first heard Born Singer, which sampled JCole’s Born Sinner, performed at Red Bullet tour and it was so emotional so I looked it up on youtube to watch with lyrics. They lyrics touched me so much I cried. Now, Born Singer was released after 9 Years! Given permission by JCole and mixed by the same mixing engineer of JCole’s track Born Sinner! BTS has come full circle. Born Singer finally has a home.I love that this is going to be my second album purchase after Be. This is a collectible and all the four new songs, including Born Singer, are really personal to BTS. Every Baby ARMY is lucky that we have an Anthology album released because there is a higher chance we can witness old songs performed live. We can make up for the years we missed.
An album that brings together a decade of musical journey. Songs that touch every human emotion. Fast beats, slow raps, adrenalines rushes, serene and soulful melodies, all of it. Lyrically powerful and musically genius in one album. This is lit
The name suits the album so well! This is the real proof of how phenomenal BTS discography really is
the album is just perfect, reveres them about their past, about the memories they had together, about everything they achieved, i see and would see the album over and over again
A beautiful anthology album with diverse smashing hits.Yet to come serves as a harmonious emotional song while Run BTS as a fun pop song
Spanning 9 years of BTS' career, this anthology album is proof why they are the biggest group in the world. They are not afraid to experiment and push their musicality. Truly iconic.
i just have to say that this album is so good, like listening to this album felt so nostalgic, love their music and run bts is so cool !! i hope they perform that song !! + for youth omg i cried, made me so emotional bye and yet to come IS SO GOOD LIKE LOVE all the past bts mvs references they showed us in that mv omg stream yet to come ! and finally their first chapter came to an end i just cant imagine how good their second chapter will be ! i love them so much thankyou bts
Such a beautiful and nostalgic anthology album with 3 new songs, and many unreleased demos and songs. BTS once again proved that they are here to stay. Yet to come is a tribute to their past selves while moving forward and contains beautiful lyrics written by the members. Run BTS is action packed, fierce lyrics and energetic melody with high notes, powerful rap, also written by the members. And lastly For Youth, it's a song dedicated to their fans, army; starting with the fanchant of Young Forever from Wembley stadium, it's beautiful, the love for their fans is shown here and the lyrics are just everything, again written by the members. Proof is the proof that BTS love their craft, BTS work hard for their music and BTS and Army are for each other. It's an anthology album for their ARMY who are and will be there for them always and forever
I’m not actually a fan my friend told me to listen to this album I thought I wouldn’t like it but the whole album is a pop, might even Stan them, how can all the songs be so good I’m currently thinking of buying this album ❤️
I love this album, it consists all their old songs so if someone doesn't have their older albums they can easily get this one. There are 3 CDs with lyric book so ofcourse it's cost efficient for those who enjoy music. The songs are from wide range of genre, pure artistry. The three new songs and 1 remastered along with 40+ other songs from older releases. I'm not someone who buys albums genuinely but i bought this one. They're the best
Beautiful album with beautiful stories behind it. To have a glimpse of their journey wrap together in an album is so inspiring. Really worth to have.
i really loved it, bts know how to make good songs, this could be considered the album of the year
It is a great album and it encompasses their old discography and this shows that their old songs play a part in their artistry just as much as their new songs do. The title track, yet to come is very refreshing and emotional.
This album is actually a perfect narrative of BTS's creative journey. I'm in love with the title song, but I was also happy to look back at the past and see a really impressive evolution: from 7 guys who just loved music, to the biggest band in the world and seven men who saved a lot of lives with their love of music.
It's definitely the best album of the year. BTS knows how to make good music and that is proven with the three new songs that PROOF has, besides, it's really good to remember their old times with the other songs included in the album!
The best anthology album to end a fantastic chapters of these group career! Chapter one ended can’t wait for the new one . New fresh page can be anticipated. Yet to come is a song that remembers the past but also suggesting the future will be better! Cannot wait to hear what’s next
Esse álbum é simplesmente incrível, consegue mexer com nossas emoções. Incrível como eles sempre sabem oque fazer
This is a very beautiful albumIt shows bts hardwork through the years and the new tracks are so amazing
it's a very good album! i listened to all of the songs, the day it got released and have been enjoying it till now and will be enjoying again in the future i think! hahhah i also looked up for the lyrics translation since i got curious and it made think that they are a really good artist. i wish i could buy the album
This is the perfect album for anyone who wants to dig in BTS’s expansive and top tier discography. This album mixes the group’s greatest hit with a blend of songs carefully chosen by each members to reflect on their journey as musician, artists with their bandmates and their fans. The title track is an emotional ode to their journey, a reflection on their many achievements and what matters the most to them: their love for music asserted with their hopeful expectations for the future with a promise to « always come back for more » with the belief that the best is Yet to come. The new tracks, including a remastered version of Born singer are delightful, the perfect tracks for the most beautiful anthology album.
PROOF IS SO GOOD, this album is perfect, it's really a masterpiece bts is unique and extremely good at what they do
An amazing album from The Prince of Global Pop and the greatest group BTS.
Masterpiece. To make an anthology album in only 9 years into your career is a major flex. Not to forget the new songs *chefs kiss*. Their biggest hits and bops in one album is just so good to do. solid 10/10. thank you bts. you‘ve done it again.
Fantastic anthology album that revisits BTS history. Love the new songs as well.
Es un álbum que contiene la historia música de BTS durante 9 años de carrera, y 3 canciones que son echas especialmente para sus fans fieles a ellos, en la música sobresale las notas altas de Seokjin, y también JK haciendo un excelente trabajo. Estos lanzamientos están llenos de eso y Run BTS es cómo un rock que viene perfecto con la voz de Kim Seokjin, el tercer cd es una joya con canciones sobresaliente que le dan esa exclusividad única a los compradores fans, las dos mejores pistas del tercer álbum son Epiphany Demo vee y still with you a capella
I love this album, full of memories, run bullet proof run..run..love you bangtan
Best album ever! All the songs on this album bring back so many old memories from their past. The album tells about their past and how they started out as only 7 boys from Korea trying to live up their dream. And ends with where they want to go or see themselves in the future, you can see that with the song “Yet To Come.” This album is just incredible in every single way possible, it shows how hard they’ve worked through the past year and how their success didn’t come easy. But that when we’re together, BTS and ARMY, everything is possible and we’ll go very far.
This album really served as, not only a trip down in memory lane, but also as a hopeful point of view for both BTS and A.R.M.Y for the future, where the boys will bring more and more for their beloved listeners.
Am absolute banger.....the whole album is literally a proof of the dedication and commitment of BTS over the years to their art.
This anthology is a masterpiece, has all the points to be consider a treasure. If I were you, I would give a oportunity to BTS and understand the beautiful message to his ARMY.
This album is beautifull! ‘Yet to com’ is a beautifull song that representes bts’s 9 year career. ‘For youth’ is a song dedicated to army and is so emotional and so important to bts and army. ‘Run bts’ is my favorite and it has hip hop and maybe rock vibes, similar to bts’s style at 2013.
The three new songs on this album have added more color into my life. “Run BTS” is ear candy. It makes your body move, groove and twerk when the rap line spits and your heart sings when the vocal line belts. “Yet to Come” is just pure nostalgia and looking forward to the future feeling. “For Youth” makes me want to cry and hug these 7 young men and thank them for bringing music back in my life
It contains so much history and was made with so much honestly and love. A Proof that music transcends all boundaries and a Proof that BTS and ARMY are each other’s Proof
Tá tão perfeito, tão bem pensado. é um abraço do BTS na sua própria trajetória, e em toda a arte que eles mostraram ao mundo e é visível toda essa felicidade que emana suas conquistas no clipe e em for youth, o talento incrível e absurdo musicalidade com run bts, que orgulho e saudade que eu senti de deles.
This is proof, bts give us proof that they’re so talented. They are artist and they give us art.
A very beautiful compilation of seven boys and their teams hardwork, and the developing art over years.
The album is such a great representation of their discography, truly unmatched.
This album is artfully put together, with the attention to so much detail and the flow of how the music all cohesively fits. Yet another amazing album by BTS!
BTS Anthology Album is Amazing gift for Army, it represent thier 9 years of journey together the past and present, they show the Proof of TEAMWORK MAKES THE DREAM WORK
Es un álbum espectacular. Yet To Come es una canción muy reconfortante, Run BTS es una bomba y For Youth es un sentimiento. Además de contener varias de las canciones exitosas de BTS. Es un recorrido hermoso por su trayectoria.
ALBUM OF THE YEAR let's work hard and stream yet to come and run BTS we can do this armys
This is exactly what I was waiting for! Beautiful yet to come, bomb run bts, lyrical for youth! The best songs that I love and crazy, it's such a nostalgia, every song is a legend!!! I'm looking forward to my album coming to me
Best album by the best boys ever! Give it a listen non armys you won’t regret it
Very nice new and old songs. Nice to listen to and dance too. It's nice to discover or listen again their songs
With this album, got an idea of BTS's journey as musicians, the genres of music they have put their efforts in, the diverse topics they cover through their beautiful and well written lyrics. The 3 new songs are also so addicting and a must listen. My favourite Run BTS and Yet to come. For Youth-the song made dor their fans is so emotional and heart-felt too.
this album is for armys. others won't understand it. run bts is the new anthem, and taehyungs vocals, along with rapline, shine throughout the album. it's very nostalgic, and i'm looking forward to the next chapter.
I love this album so much!!! This is so amazing and beautiful, especially Jin...omg his voice.. Jin you are my angel....... My angel jinnnnn
I love this album so much. Yet To Come shows some of the scenes in their past music videos which is really meaningful for both BTs and ARMY. This album also gave us a chance to listen to the demos of some of their songs. Truly, BTS is really a best artist who shares their story and inspire poeple through their music.
An album that contains 9 years of the group's history, songs talking about important issues and delivering a message of hope to this new generation of people. Great album
This anthology album is the proof of BTS to create meaningful music for youth who needed it the most.
Amazing tracks from the one and only BTS. More power to all of you. Keep the spirits up!
The album is a chef's kiss... Best anthology album so far.... Love it so much
Few artists can make an anthology album. BTS worked hard for 10 years and they got what they have from the effort they put in their whole lives. This album shows the quality of their work since the beginning of the career, Always very attentive to the quality and production of the songs, artists who are involved since the creation of the songs are rare.
Absolutely amazing and a beautiful reflection on their great career!! Loved it from start to finish!
The best album anyone could find, every single song in this album is a masterpiece
Esse álbum é um presente para os fãs, além de nos dar a oportunidade de relembrar a história do BTS, nos presenteia com três faixas inéditas que são obras primas, "Yet to come" e "For Youth" com suas melodias e letra calmas e reconfortantes, nos fazem lembrar que o futuro pode trazer coisas melhores, alem de "Run BTS" que é uma musica animada e que te faz querer sair dançando por ai!
The best album ever!! Yet to come is such an amazing and emotional song and then there's For Youth written specially for armys, then Run Bts a song that I want to run in my veins. Loved the album, thank you bts ❤️
astonished by this anthology album! incredible experience to hear it from start to finish, so good.
Its an incredible journey that takes You trough BTS's history. The 3rd álbum is truly a gift for the people interested in the creative process of the boys. The new songs feels like the come straight from BTS's hearth.
What do you expect from BTS? Of course, always fresh good music! This album is not just for their fans, ARMYs, but to all who would love to hear what real good music is with wide range of genres. This album would really capture your heart and you would feel their love for music.
The album felt very personal and is such a good homage to the journey of maybe one of the acts who are already icons. Yet to come was nostalgic and reassuring, run bts was powerful like bts and for youth was heartwarming. Its an album worth listening to. LOVE IT!!!
Лучший альбом антология, совмещающий в себе прекрасные эры, я влюблена.
Changed my life for the better! I can't stress enough about how brilliant and outstanding their discography is.
Bts confirming their status as legends. Since only legends have a anthology album. You can feel their hard work and the love they have for their fans since debut. Totally recommend!
It's the first anthology album of BTS and its a so good.Everyone should listen the songs of this album.
An album worth buying!Can't skip any song. All the songs have beautiful meanings. Want to listen to them on repeat. Thank you BTS for releasing this album.
Best album ever heard....BTS IS THE BEST. There's lots of other fandoms never heard this masterpiece but just because of hate they doing really dirty things here. Want to tell those haters , don't act like fan war minded just think about artistry .
BTS has done it again!!! So proud of these guys!! Once again my mind is blown away with their beautiful vocals and rap!! Thank you for the 3 new songs Yet To Come, Run BTS and Fir Youth!!! You really have outdone yourselves on these new tracks!!!
Amazing anthology from BTS showcasing their talents as vocalists & rappers with fabulous songs from the last nine years alongside 3 new songs. I especially like Yet To Come & For Youth. It's a great opportunity for fans old & new to enjoy the diversity of their musical genres together on one album. Born Singer is a beautiful bonus ... Proof gets 10/10 from me!!
BTS latest Album "Proof" is a a testament that they are beyond Butter and Dynamite. They have so much to offer, and they will never stop to evolve as a musician. As fpr the Title track "Yet to come" , it really fits the Anthology album, plus the track from their past discogrophy and latest RUN BTS, For Youth and Born Singer. BTS is really at the top their game. Whether you disagree or not, Numbers, stats, charts never lie, BTS will always be THE BTS.
This is the best album ive ever listened. its a masterpiece. I can't stop listen one sec. I love so much its perfect its incredible its just the most beautiful thing in this world
This is a magnificent album that shows the journey these seven men have gone through. It's a snippet of their spectacular and diverse discography, and most importantly it's a thank-you letter towards the people who have been with them giving their support, and pat in the back for themselves, because they know they've worked hard to be where they're today
BTS never disappointed again. The album captures their artists beautifully and like every other album of theirs, this one tells a story as well- a story of them. The title track- Yet To Come was phenomenal and all the members aced their parts. I also loved how CD3 was specially meant for the fans and we could actually get an insight into the working process with their demos. It is definitely the album of the year.
No words can describe how wonderful this album is. It is masterpiece! Brings ARMY back to the previous era, which you miss a lot or you never experience before. All the new brand songs is really easy listening and very heart warming. It's a very recommended K-Pop album even for non K-Poppers though!
I've pre-ordered a complete set of this masterpiece! BTS never disappoints!
As expected, BTS exceeded my expectations for this album.. great new songs..
Its a beautiful album!The way the anthology unfolds,shows how success looks like.Their growth,their vocals,their passion ,their dedication and their love for armys bought me here to write this post.MUST SAY IF PASSION HAD A FORM,IT WOULD BE BTS.
This album is everything you can ask you gpt to dance ro cry to smile to laugh to feel powerful yet to feel its okay to be weak sometimes , to feel young .. if they asked chose one album to listen to forever it will be this one without even thinking about it !!! Great job BTS ✨ CANT WAIT FOR CHAPTER TWO !;)
everything is on point. vocal, rap, instrumentals ..just everything about this album is so great ! i loved it on first listen. the title track is so honey to my ears and i cant stop listening it again and again. they never disappoint
Hey everyone, I've been an ARMY since 2015; all those bad ratings??? Don't read those; they can't be even faker than a three-euro bill. Those are written by BTS anti and fans from other groups to mess up the ratings. “Why?” you might ask... Because they are jealous. And also, the envy is eating them up from the inside out.PROOF, the new album is fantastic. I can't stop listening to the music, especially Run BTS and Yet to Come. They fill me with such joy and happiness that only words may not be enough to describe the feeling. BTS started from nothing in a company almost closing because of bankruptcy. People body shamed and also mistreated them because their company was not rich enough and couldn't promote them. Look at them now. After all the hard work and being always humble, they are now ambassadors of so many brands, and they even teamed up with UNICEF and UN to help children and youth; the future. PROOF is the album we all need. It is the healing we all need after these years of pain and suffering. Give it a chance. Listen to PROOF. Search for the English translations, and I assure you it won't be in vain. Stay happy. Stay healthy. Don't let your anxiety play with your mind.Borahae
For me.. BTS found me at the darkest moment of my life. When I was on verge of losing myself.. BTS came into my life. Their songs comforted me..made me happy..made me cry..made me forget all my fears and doubts. BTS is not just your ordinary boy band making some high pitch music and dancing on them in bright clothes. BTS is like once in a lifetime phenomenon that will repeat itself after a long time. This album is very beautifully named proof and that is apt for it. This album is a proof of BTS changing my life. This album is the best thing you will come across if you try to give them a try without any prejudice and jealousy. Yet to come.. summarised their chapter 1. I am very excited to know what will be their Chapter 2. Let's see guys..what our boys will gift us next.
Absolutely love it!
Anthology isn't a term you here to often nowadays, people now often thinking first that its just a compilation or simple repackage of previous music once released. The thing is though, with this album BTS truly showed us as an audience what an anthology is, truly giving us proof of their musical journey from the very beginning up till today. This album is filled with a mix of nostalgia and newness that is a must listen for both older and newer fans.
I love the album, it's relaxing, inspiring, it has something that makes you feel very special listening to it.PROOF is one of my favorite ones.
o álbum é algo que você pode desfrutar enquanto faz qualquer coisa do dia a dia, tem ótimas músicas e para todos os gostos musicais. poucos artistas possuem álbuns tão bons de ouvir e o BTS com toda certeza é um deles.
Proof released solely for fans is an anthology album including the groups past greatest hits and therefore is not only meaningful but also shows the diverse discography of the group. The tracks include the various hits of the group throughout the years as well as the personal choice of members was considered when adding tracks to the second CD. Overall the album is excellent considering all aspects; new songs dedicated to fans and older ones highlighting the group's diverse discography
Such a great album! Literally hit after hit. I really enjoyed listening to it.
Um presente inesquecível para nós fãs e para aqueles que tiverem interesse em conhecer a discografia do BTS e como eles chegaram aonde estão agora. As músicas novas são simplesmente perfeitas.
This album is a memory box of all the beautiful moments throughout their musical journey. It solidifies them as one of the greatest and most loved artists. They will always be remembered!
this is an amazing album gives back great memories and it's so cool and beautiful! they did sooo well with this album im addicted to the new songs
I'm army science 2020 with map of the soul 7 that was so amazing and I love it. I love this album more because it includes all their songs science 2013 until now. And yet to come it makes me happy
Me parece un buen álbum, la recopilación de las canciones me parece perfecta,mi canción favorita fue RUN BTS
Este álbum prueba de la versatilidad que ellos tienen como grupo. No puedo esperar para ver qué nos preparan en el futuro.
This Album shows BTS Journey from the past 9 years...such a beautiful Album
BTS NEVER DISAPPOINTS, their music is timeless. i have never seen anyone like them before, i never thought that i will be so affected by their songs, it's like they made me a song just for me that penetrates my heart, that as I listen to them, I fall more and more into their world and that's fine with me, and in fact , I want more. And the album design is great too,, BTS raised the standard so high,and we love them for that
This boys anthology album is just stunning and amazing, I was so moved after listening to it... Thank you for that Bangtan Boys, I purple you
the most beautifully crafted album i have heard in a long while , hope their new chapter is even better
I love the album!
Simply the best discography collection. BTS POP BIGGGEST PROOF. From their debut to their current proof shows you why they deserve to be at the top
O álbum é perfeito, as três inéditas (Yet to Come, For Youth e Run BTS) são incríveis e cheias de personalidade e isso sem contar com a incrível lembrança de músicas já lançadas em álbum antigo!
Album of the year please buy it in my behalf since im broke or else i would buy 777 of them.
he is so so good, the whole story that this album carries is amazing. are unforgettable memories.
I could hours talking about the sound of this album. But I'll just dwell on the lyrics. Please look up the traditions and read about the references.It's just great. Run BTS is a good song to listen to and sing along to. And your lyrics are extremely accurate. It makes me think that the group members wrote down their emotions related to all the hate they tend to receive over time.And they poured it all into that letter. It's a masterpiece. Each song deserved hours of conversation, but I will only write about For Youth. Is it a declaration of pure love? Friendship? I don't know. I don't know what the nature of the BTS ARMY relationship is but it sure is something special. This song took me some. It's an excellent album, I hope people can let go of prejudice and appreciate this work of art.
Amazing album with absolutely no skips. You can truly tell a lot of passion and hard work was put towards this album. Aoty for sure, fighting
this is the best bts album! I'm impressed with it bts i love you, thank you for this perfect album, i expect all this from yyour run bulletproof really deserves an mv
This is just really good!!! The MV of yet to come really made me emotional. And also Run BTS is just
it's amazing my favorite song has to be run bts but all of the songs are so amazing and beautiful
Esse álbum me fez chorar como nunca,com yet to come e for youth ,mas ao mesmo tempo me fez pular da cama e me fazer dançar e gritar com RUN BTS.BTS está em outro nível ,não adianta se comparar,várias.
This album contains their music journey. Everyone who listened can see how they grew and developed. As CD 1 contains all their title tracks, CD 2 about their top picks for their solo and subunits, and CD 3 for their selected guides or demos. Basically, they're sharing their stories to the listeners. I hope you can listen to the whole album without any prejudice. Listen to their stories well and maybe you can understand why they're receiving so much love around the world.
E com esse álbum tivermos o BTS entregando mais um trabalho sensacional como eles sempre fazem. São sete garotos talentosos e ecléticos, com um aspecto único para a música. Você pode odiá-los mas os conhecem tão bem quanto um fã. Proof está cheio de diversidade então não ouse chamá-los de retrógrados, pois isso não existe na discografia invejável deles. Parabéns BTS e ARMY, vocês são incríveis!
Such a beautiful album! The songs both new and old are total bops. Kindly give it a try y'all ! Thank you.
This album contains a good summary of thr life and struggle of the band. Changing sounds with each song in such a unique way.
just perfect, the album showcasing the diversity of bts discography! where various genres and types of songs and their lyrics so amazing! I loved this album it's extraordinary, it's legendary .
This album is absolutely stunning anda breathtaking. The vocals, rap's, melody and instrumentals are on point as always. BTS Proof album is an piece of art construction
This is album of the year! The fact the only Army knows in ytc mv why a bus, train, statue etc is in the middle of the dessert is just amazing. You wouldn't understand unless you are ARMY
The best album of this year. Proof shows us the journey of bts from debut. Its a well recorded album containing old as well as new tracks. It is surely a nice album and everyone should give it a listen
Best album so far. thank you BTS for creating great music!. Most recommended.
Um álbum perfeito, que vai prender você do começo ao fim as músicas são lindas
Perfeito maravilhoso como sempre impecável eu amei o nova album proof do BTS
amazing beautiful gorgeous i absolutely loved no one is doing it like bts truly
Love Love Love the songs... so nostalgic for the older songs and absolutely bangers for the 3 new tracks, Yet to Come, Run BTS and For Youth
As Anthology album containing not only 3 new songs but a whole CD with demo versions, it's top of its class.The new songs are vibrant in their own genre, the demo versions work as new songs of what could ha e been (brilliant) but wasn't plus 2 discarded songs that never saw the light.The only flaw, if any, is that the demo versions are not up for streaming.
This album is really great. All the songs are beautiful. BTS always live up to my expectations. I just love their music so much.
This anthology album takes you on a guided journey of BTS’s iconic 9-year career. This anthology showcases their impactful tracks which speak on subjects that affect youth and young people all over the world, but especially in their home country of South Korea. Their talent at writing, producing, and performing shines. The new tracks have me so excited for more. Great job, Bangtan Sonyeondan! Can’t wait to see what’s yet to come!
Perfect, excellent, lovelyPerfeito como sempre, a distribuição da faixas tudo perfeito.
O conceito do álbum está perfeito, as músicas são incríveis, por mais que já estejamos acostumadas com algumas, é sempre bom relembrar-las!
“Proof” is a selection of BTS discography over the last 9 years - since their debut back in 2013 to today. Came in 3 CDs, it includes three new songs “Yet To Come”, “Run BTS” and “For Youth”, as well as previously unreleased songs and demo versions of their songs.The album showcases BTS musical journey and the various different genres they have been working on - from hip-hop to pop.A great nostalgic trip for BTS ARMY, BTS’ fandom, but also a great start if you’ve never heard about the group and would like to know more about RM, Jin, SUGA, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook - the seven members of BTS & their music.
This anthology album is just amazing! It portrays their musical journey from their debut until now as World's music phenomenon and pop stars. If you are here to know about BTS and enjoy their music, this album is seriously the best choice. You would be amazed to know how music can actually heal you and make you happy after listening to this album.
THE BEST ALBUM EVER I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT..FOR YOUTH AND BORN SINGER JUST GOT TEARS IN MY EYES
I LOVE THIS ALBUM, I LOVE ALL THE SONGS FROM THEIR PREVIOUS ALBUMS AND THEIR NEW SONGS ARE
This album is a masterpiece. I love how we can see BTS history through every song. And the new songs are massive, the rhythm, the lyrics, their voices, the rap… It's amazing. I recommended a lot because this music needs to be shared. Please support BTS, they are incredible musicians and incredible people.
Cette album est trop bien . La music elle est trop bien. C’est la meilleure anthologie.and BTS is the Best
bts proof's new album is impeccable in every way all the songs and feelings are important and beautiful, i've already heard and will listen to it several times this album deserves all the love and admiration in the world
PROOF gave me a whole comfort. As an ARMY it really helps me unlocks a lot of memories from their past musics or music videos. It is also an excellent album for new fans who want to know BTS' music more. It made me feel a lot of emotions. The lyricism is also very cool and very easy to understand. I love it so much and I will never get tired hearing it from time to time.
Este álbum é incrível, em quase 5 anos de fandom eu segui 9 retornos até agora e em todos eles estou sempre surpreso com a qualidade, o álbum, as músicas e os artistas maravilhosos! Como não sigo o BTS desde sua estreia, este álbum trouxe a oportunidade de testemunhar todos os retornos desde o início até agora! Tenho orgulho de dizer que sou fã do Exército do BTS, obrigado meus meninos, eu te amo!
It's the most emotional antology album ever, hear the whole bts career and see how they grew up so well and didn't lost their essence is amazing! You did well BTS!!!
I really loved and appreciate this album because it shows how perfect BTS can be in all styles of music, this anthology has the best songs from the boys career, so much talent in one album is truly amazing
the best album of 2020 the songs are amazing.my personal favourite is run bts and born singer and as an army i am really proud of their journey
Proof is an album that is widely loved by their army and many people who are now lucky enough to listen to this masterpiece of an album. Even if you weren’t here from the beginning this is a great album to get the gist of Bangtan. I thoroughly enjoyed this album and i can’t wait to experience their chapter 2.
This is the perfect album to show the legacy of bts
Simplesmente uns dos melhores álbuns que já ouvi, as melodias e os sentimentos são coisas inexplicáveis, os meninos prometeram tudo nesse álbum e entregaram muito mais, com certeza o army está orgulhoso disso!!
I really loved the album, bangtan delivered everything is perfect
This anthology proves that BTS’ discography was immaculate from the very beginning.
Love this album.
It is an amazing anthology album that showcases BTS' 9 years in the industry! It has so many great songs to listen to and it is a great opportunity for people to see and listen to BTS' music history since their debut back in 2013. There's so many different genres which makes it even more interesting and special. Overall it is an album worth listening.
The best album ever! And we only have 2 version
wonderful I loved this album I didn't expect anything else from the Kings of kpop BTS always surprises I loved it especially the track run BTS mix of hip hop and rock
Love this album and BTS deserves all that good in this world. They worked hard for what they have today. So proud of them.
Maravilhoso!! Nostálgico e as músicas novas são perfeitas. É pra chorar e dançar ao mesmo tempo. BTS sempre sendo artistas talentosos e completos. Obrigada, BTS!!
Listening the album in order is so freaking cool because you experience the bts journey at once. They have zero skips, and the new songs are an awesome adding to their top tier repository
As an army since 2016, it’s so good to hear their old songs again and not to mention the 3 new songs are also so good. Yet to come and for youth is making me emotional while run bts is getting anyone hyped up. Their lyrics have always been top tier but this time it exceeded my expectations. Bangtan is always the best
Proof is such an amazing album with the title track “yet to come” it’s talks about bts past and struggles it’s a beautiful song and an amazing album!!!
uma experiência de outro mundo, enquanto voce ouve as musicas lembra do passado do bts e tudo que o army e eles viveram juntos. Definitivamente é o melhor álbum do ano
É um álbum completo, com músicas que marcaram a vida de várias army's, a música título "yet to come" trás uma mensagem linda e reconfortante, sem contar nas músicas secundárias que tem uma batida envolvendo e viciante, tudo em seu devido lugar, vocais perfeitos e raps impecáveis, o melhor álbum também para se escutar no carro
I am really in love with the Album as it’s a mixture of other past songs with new releases. I would recommend everyone to give this a listen and BTS will take you on a Journey starting from their debut to 2022. Each song have a special meaning to their past. I am so happy to be part of their journey and can’t wait for what’s YET TO COME!
After the first 9 years, they became the most successful group in the world. This album showcases this perfectly. Anybody that gives them a chance will fall in love with their artistry and in that, I have no doubt. Cannot wait to see what comes next.
Excellent album..The title track is soo pretty but my personal favorite is Run BTS..
Um álbum de antologia muito bem montado, que trás ótimas músicas da carreira do grupo. Também possui músicas novas muito bem produzidas e escritas, com mensagens que devem receber atenção do grupo.
This album is the work of a lifetime! Legendary group! I am happy that I live with them at the same time and I have the opportunity to listen to their songs, which carry a message for all people
It's sooooo good ackkkkkkkI swear I would listen to this every dayI really like the run bts
This album is eveything and so much more. I am obsessed with their new song Yet To Come. The lyrics are so beautiful, just can't have enough of it. The album itself it's so beautiful and the poster and pc are just a plus.
This album is amazingly made. The concept, the order of the songs. It likes it's telling the history of the BTS then to the BTS now.
Amazing album, it's like BTS memory book and new goods that everyone must listen to
I loved Proof, it’s actually my second album and i was so excited it has some of my favorite songs and bro that third CD with the Demo I’m going crazy each time I listen to it, you can tell this Album was really made for Army and Army alone it really is a Gift you can tell just by the MV of Yet to come any other person would be confused watching it you really have to be Army to understand all the references, and For Youth? Excuse me? Starting with Army singing young forever ? That was done just to make us cry and congratulations they succeeded, and putting all the demos and two others songs on a CD just for us and not online they’re so sweet In conclusion I will be streaming Proof until I Die And Run bts is now my fav
The best album by far, it brings back so much memories as an ARMY. An album with no skips
ÁLBUM OF THE YEAR showstopper, never done before,BTS BEST ARTISTS OF THE YEAR
This is such a nostalgic album that is bound to hold a special place in the heart of every Army. It contains many of BTS' best tracks from various chapters of their journey. New listeners go give it a listen, you'll be hooked I promise!
A beautifully curated album! One of the members recommended listening to the album in order- he was absolutely correct! You can’t skip their music. BTS takes you through their musical journey with this collection and they set up the stage for their next chapter.
Great album with a great view on their history and their hardships, they really poured their souls in this and the wait was worth it.
BTS has such an incredible discography and it is on full display with this anthology.
There aren’t many acts active for less than a decade that can pull off this kind of project. BTS have shown time and time again that they are not only world class superstars, but are shaping their legacy to cement themselves as one of the most important acts of the 21st century, and this is in no small part due to their impeccable discography. To be able to fill 3 CDs with certifiable hits and songs that have told your story from debut until stardom is no easy feat and yet BTS have made it look easy. As they’ve said, this is the bookend of their “first chapter”, meaning that whatever they embark on next will surely blow the world away, as if they haven’t been doing so for the last 9 years. We will be awaiting with baited breath!
Such a great album with great songs , really loved the title track . You can really see their growth . Really loved all the vicals , melodies . Thankyou for this great message and such a great album .such an incredible talented group with a powerful bond .
A very sensitive album, of immense quality. Congratulations BTS.The new tracks fit perfectly with the reinterpretations. We will be forever grateful for this album.
The best album ever, the production is just perfect and we can see that everything was done with great care, Yet To Come is sensational, Run BTS and For Youth are just perfect, this album is legendary.
i honestly love this album. bts really outdid theirselves with this one as they really put some of their biggest hits into an anthology along with three wonderful new songs. yet to come( the lead single) is so beautiful and has been ringing in my ears ever since i watched the mv. truly a masterpiece. run bts is so good omg and for youth is just truly a tear jerker. 10 out 10 album. bts really did that.
This album allows you to enjoy the history of BTS, their personal and artistic growth, their varied styles and their wonderful talent.
Love this album! It is an intelligent way to show what the group has achieved musically while showing they still will grow, and that more is yet to come!
proof is one of affection for the armys, a declaration of love and proof of all the dedication they have since the beginning
Amazing album! As a long time fan it felt really nostalgic to have such a nice compilation of their career until now
I am so thankful this album is now available to the wider audience. While the whole concept is for ARMY and because of ARMY, I trust this is the perfect anthology for general public who would like to get to know BTS better. The artistry is undeniable, I love the music, the vibe, the unparalleled vocals and rap skills. It is witty where it needs to be and unapologetic.We win because of BTS every single time they release new music. It changed my life and I am forever grateful
LOVED THIS ALBUM, an army since 17 and this album means proof brought back so many memories, now I understood that I literally grew up with bts:)) the album's new songs are on fire we can just say that it's THE or THE BEST ALBUM OF 2022. LOVE PROOF
BTS is the only artist who has different genres on their songs/album. The vocals, song production, and lyricism are very admirable and fascinating as well as the message that they want to deliver that really helps a lot of people including me.
Esse álbum é simplismente incrível, estou viciada nas três novas músicas e é muito bom escutar algumas músicas antigas que fizeram parte da trajetória dos membros. Além das demos que fazem parte do álbum físico, que também sou maravilhosas
this is such a great album. full of memories representing what bts is and also the new tracks are great. this really is a proof of how magnificent they are
El mejor álbum antológico con gran variedad de canciones de su pasado y presente, conlleva a grandes recuerdos desde debut con no more serán hasta ahora con run bts. Es inminente el gran cambio que tuvieron a lo largo de sus años y deja en evidencia lo grande que siguen siendo hasta ahora, algo que nadie en la industria del kpop puede igualar.
An amazing album, yet again, BTS have outdone themselves. They have brought us back to the past, showing up where they started and where they've come. With new music reminiscent of the past and what we still have yet to come ;)
BTS has a rich history since debut up to the present, you can feel that this ontology anthology album is their way of telling their fans and the people who loves music that they are artist or musicians that can do any genre and to prove that in there 9 years, now the biggest boyband in the world, they have a wide range of discography that they are proud of.
I love how each album tells a story. How the first one is all their songs that were title tracks. These say we are here and you should listen to our music because it’s so diverse. The second album shows more of how each member Is. I love how they chose two songs that they think ARMY wanted to hear and that were special to them. My favorite is cd 3 because it feels like it was made specifically for ARMY. This is a look into their heart and soul. Also don’t get me started on For Youth. I cry every time I hear that song (might have to do with them putting ARMY singing Young Forever at the beginning). This whole anthology album is a love letter to ARMY and their Proof (pun intended) to all the people who say that they don’t create amazing music. This album tells all the critics that they are here and they aren’t going anywhere no matter what they say. BTS truly have paved the way for music as a whole
proof is the best album from bts, with massages about they past and army. I'm so proud of them!
This has to be the best album out there of all time! Those who are comparatively newer in this fandom, this album is a great opportunity to explore the summery of BTS' entire discography. The songs they've released since 2013, songs that are important to them, to ARMYs. This album shows how diverse BTS's music is, and how talented and creative they are. It's a gem.
The best album i loved The best album i lovedThe best album i loved The best album i loved The best album i loved
The album is complete. It brings the essence of the group, with an innovative air. Nothing is repeated. It tells the story with a new perspective.
I loved this album so much. The new tracks truly show BTS' versatility as musicians and the old tracks in the anthology album really proves how diverse their musicality is! 100% recommended.
This is a history of BTS. The new songs are absolutely amazing and it feels like it was made for us. This was carefully put together to bring us all together and to remember the past years.
This album lives up to the title. It is proof of the skill and quality that these exceptionally hardworking musicians have released.
I am blessed....They are so talented and genuine with their music...Love the album
It's perfect for old and new fans alike. This anthology is "proof" that BTS is more than simply a boy band; they've shown the world that they're artists first and foremost. CD3 demonstrates their determination. Like Suga said previously, their making music is like a camp where everyone gets an opportunity to shine and show off their abilities. Finally, after all these years , we got to hear it!
This anthology album couldn’t be any more perfect for their 9th anniversary! The new songs are great too. Love it!
This album proves why BTS are as successful as they are! Absolutely love their discography.
Proof como dice BTS es un álbum para sus fans, muestra perfectamente su crecimiento como artistas y qué tan importante es tener libertad para probar nuevos estilos musicales compartiendo su vulnerabilidad a través de sus letras.
So happy to experience the BTS anthology album.I hv been listening to the whole album all the Day and it feels soo good to rewind their discography. Chapter 1 had come to an end with a new hope towards the next. Indeed "The Best is Yet To Come". Bangtan Sonyeondan Borahae
Amazing album, even better vocals. A wonderful and perfect work, a sensational harmony.
They really made a whole story of their life through this album. To listen the songs in order made me so proud. It sounded so good.
This album just proves how bts have such an amazing diverse discography with good message and lyrics
Proof is the reflection of their hard work, talent, and passion for their art. Passion for music. Passion for radiating and influencing other people, inspiring other people, especially their fans, ARMYS, to be who we are, to be proud and love ourselves, to do what we want, to cherish our lives, and to walk in flower road. Full of
This album is a masterpiece!! It's an emotional rollercoaster that can be enjoyed by both army's that have been with BTS since the beginning and all who found them during the last 9 years. BTS is a source of consolation, hope and love for many of us and they just proved it yet again with this new anthology album rightfully titled Proof. With evrything they put out, BTS proves time and again that they are one of the most genuine and talented artists out there. While 'Born singer' and 'yet to come' are emotional throwbacks to their earlier days of growth, 'run bts' shows their determination to give it their all when it comes to their craft.the entire third cd is a such an intimate gift for army where the bangtan boys let us into their intricate music making process. I can whole heartedly say, this album is totally worth it.
This album is a gift. Makes me connect with myself and the boys at the same time. It’s rare to have an album that makes you feel everything at the same time
L'anthologie parfaite ! Un plaisir à écouter entre nostalgie et nouvelle découverte qui sont franchement incroyable !
Best album of the year , it’s really amazing cause not everyone can afford an anthology album so proof is really special and deserves streams
the anthology album from the biggest band in the world right now. without a doubt, the lyrics and messages of each song really describe the "bangtan boys" so well. on this album they tell about 9 years of their career in the music world. The best album ever in this century!!!
an anthology album composed of bts' greatest huts and favorites. it's such a great album and such a delight to listen to as an army as it brings back memories from past releases. in this bangtan sonyeondan sh!t for life!!!
AWESOME! Proof shows their hard work from the last 9 yrs plus 3 new songs! BTS never disappoints! Their messages in their songs are life changing and from their hearts ♥️
OMG BTS THE BIGGEST
For those new to BTS, there is a meaningful journey from their debut song through to their newest hits. For those already familiar there are previously unreleased demos. Above all are three new songs: the love letter to their fans: For Youth, their promise for the future: Yet To Come, and the head-banging body-rolling best party song of 2022 that is RUN BTS.
Beautiful, awesome, amazing. The best is yet to come but their past is pretty darn amazing. Love every single song. I love this album.
álbum perfeito, bts nunca erra e digo mais, run bts já é minha fav. bts paved the way!!
This anthology album is so good! BTS are truly amazing singers, rappers, and people.
Bts will be always the best in everything!!Legendary album again. Bts will be always the best in everything!!Legendary album again. Bts will be always the best in everything!!Legendary album again. Bts will be always the best in everything!!Legendary album again. Bts will be always the best in everything!!Legendary album again. Bts will be always the best in everything!!Legendary album again. Bts will be always the best in everything!!Legendary album again.
A befitting ode to a beautiful journey so far for one of the biggest musical acts in the world right now. Contains 6 new tracks and CD full of unreleased demo dedicated to their powerhouse fanbase Army. The members conclude what Leader RM called just the "Chapter 1" of their musical journey and it seems like the best is indeed "Yet To Come"
Best album ever, the new tracks are amazing and listening to the old songs in the mixed, just incredible.
Absolutely breathtaking. The vocals, the visuals, the obvious hardwork they poured in. Yet To Come was the perfect song for Proof--the melting of all the concepts of the past nine years into a song was definitely something hard to do, I believe, but the way they portrayed the years of running and all that they had to go through in order to reach where they are today was breathtaking. I, for one, loved the track RUN BTS the most. It wads like a a song for themselves in the past. Like them telling each other to keep running despite what happens in life. FOR YOUTH is a track that portrays the infinite love and respect between BTS and ARMY. The others tracks are awesome. I love the album a lot and it is obviously a big success. Shoutout to all those who poured their blood, sweat and tears into the making and to BTS, for running for nine years. Looking forward to our coming years together!
This album is the best album i heard in my life the lyrics of each song are a melody and art for your ears and each song contains a deep message and the artists worked with all their efforts on that album, i congratulate the artists they did a work of art.
This album is perfect, the tracks are handpicked by the members themselves to show the growth of the group, starting from debut and till where they stand today. The new songs, yet to come, for youth and Run BTS, provide a song suitable for everyone no matter the taste, whether you like BTS’ slower and more sentimental songs or whether you like BTS’ hip hop tracks, they managed to include a song for everyone in this album.
Esse é o primeiro comeback de álbum deles que eu vejo, e está incrivelmente perfeitooo, eu amei, amei cada detalhe
it's really very good, I loved it, it's just amazing, it deserves a 10. Expendido
It's an outstanding album from start to finish! It really speaks volumes to the journey of the band, all of their greatest hits and masterpieces, and 3 new songs which are so good! Run BTS offers a very catchy rythem and tune with a strong message. For Youth, a sweet ballad that will pull your heartstrings and Yet To Come, displaying the grounded message of the band and what they are here for. I wish all the success to this album and the future of BTS!
This album covers their discography since their debut. A perfect Album for new ARMY s that just discovered them recently and also for old ARMYs to remind them the reason why we are still here with them after 9 years. Thus is a no skip album to be honest. Even the new 3 songs are so dope!!!!
Great album. So much to unpack. No skips at all as every track is a gem. Listening to the whole album, BTS takes me back to the journey they started, takes me on a roller coaster ride as the tracks consist of songs you’ll bop your head to but at the same time can make you feel sad, emotional and hopeful too. You can feel the growth and maturity in their music track after track. These guys are true ARTISTS! Great job on the album.
The album is really really great!! Listening to this album really take u to a ride of emotions. There are many songs with different genres. I really enjoyed this!! Will definitely recommend this album
Um ótimo álbum para representar o caminho que correram durante esses 9 anos de carreira.Emocionante e nostalgico pro army!
This anthology takes you seamlessly through the back catalogue of BTS'S discography, and with 3 new songs, dedicated to their past, future and the fans that got them there, it leaves you wanting to listen again and rediscover the entire Bangtan Catalogue
PROOF isn't just an abum. it's a cultural reset, it's the oxygen you breathe, it's a lifestyle, it's a reason to live, it's an escape from this cruel world, the first gift you open on christmas, a hug from a loved one, it's everything you ever wanted.
BTS PROOF is a testament of their vast and mesmerizing discography. It emphasizes the fact that there is no skip in their discography.The album starts from Born Singer, which captures their essence beautifully even now, though this song was released right after their debut. The whole album takes you on this captivating journey from their rookie years to the legends they are now. The three new songs, Yet to come, RUN, Youth are gems which will have their own fan following.I suggest you to give Proof a listen and you will come out not just falling for these amazing lyrical genuises, their music but also the Korean language.Don't take my word for it, go for Proof and u wouldn't regret it!!!
Proof showed more than just a high level of musical genius and great lyricism. It also beautifully presented how BTS came to be, where they started and how they aim to continue in the future. The tracks are amazingly put together as well.
Layered songs which are rich with authentic emotions, and memorable beats. Transitions between vocals and raps sections are seamless. Cannot get enough.
This was a most awaited album for Armys and non Armys out there. The numbers themselves show how well the album is doing in general. All tracks from CD-1 and CD-2, regardless of being old or new absolutely awed the public.
It is impressive how bts gives us a list of hits after hits of his entire artistic career, plus the 3 new songs full of meaning, a real masterpiece.
An amazing albumLitreally blessing to ur earsLove it!BTS have once again given a wonderful experience with this album
This album is such a special gift to ARMY, it's also a great introduction to BTS' vast discography but the deeper meaning is really felt when you understand their history.
O álbum nos faz viajar pela carreira do BTS, as músicas novas são emocionantes, o álbum perfeito sem dúvida!
THEY ARE GENIUS!!!!! Going back to the beginnins just like an anthology album does! As a baby army you don't know how special this means to me! IT WILL MAKE THEM LOOK INTO THEIR MANY ICONIC MUSIC SHOW PERFORMANCES! IM SHOOK! SORRY NO

This album is the perfect opportunity for us new fans to know their music from the very beginning. I loved the fact that they aren't. regular pop stars, they can sing rap, hip-hop, rock, balads, and many other rythms as well; I alsp admire how they not only talk about love but they give a positive message to the audience: accept and love who you are, work hard for your dreams no matter how impossinle they might look, forget about people's negative opinions. It's one of the best experiences in music that I ever had and I can listen to it over and over again!
PerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfectPerfect
Proof it's self is such a powerful word, and the album literally got songs that could make you listen again and again. The new songs are crazy, Yet to come is a song that telling us the best moment of you and i is yet to come with all their 9 years of memories inside the mv
They are the Best! This album is just a confirmation. Their career is shown in the best way.
Um álbum muito bom, com músicas marcantes e viciantes! Esse algum antológico do BTS é uma verdadeira obra prima, não somente por contar a história do BTS em si, mas também por ser algo nostálgico, onde podemos ver que eles realmente batalharam muito para chegar onde estão
That's was amazing They are legends This album is one of biggest music industry beautiful albums
BTS has done it again! The songs and demos in Proof album have been carefully selected from their vast discography of more than 100 songs spanning 9 years of their career. This album contains their dreams in the past, their hopes for the future, passion for their craft and their love for ARMYs. The new songs Yet to Come sounds hopeful and aspiring; Run BTS is guaranteed to get you off your chair dancing and For Youth is a love song for ARMYs. Go listen!
O melhor álbum do ano!! O BTS fez um trabalho incrível com todas as músicas. As letras são tão inspiradoras e emocionantes que não posso parar de ouvir
simplesmente o melhor álbum que existe. parabéns BTS por essa obra de arte
A great album to look at BTS journey since their debut in 2013.How they evolved from heavily hip hop sound in their beginning to more into pop sound mixed with lots of different genres. It really shows how versatile their discography is, a little bit of everything for everyone. And they do it so well. Hip hop, pop ballads, R&B, neo soul, rock to EDM. Other than the obvious group tracks, this album also includes solo songs from each member, and unit songs from the rappers and vocalists.With BTS, do take your time to dive into their lyrics. They always take us to their own relatable journey, from the humble beginning with big dreams, hardships, self acceptance & self love, to struggle with fame and success.And their 3 new songs perfectly encapsulated this journey: the title track "Yet To Come" is their hope to continue the journey, the hip hop track "Run BTS" is a glorious look at their run towards success and lastly, "For Youth" feels like a love letter to the fans: ARMY.
There's a saying in my language that goes "World's biggest fortune is Aspiration". This holds truest for BTS. They worked hard and aspired to be the best at their art. They put their all into making music and it's their biggest fortune. And accordingly, they received love, wealth and fame, reaching the position they're in now. This album is the Proof. The journey from their debut to the hopeful future they look towards to, this album showcases it all.10/10
Those who say this is a bad album are literally a hater that doesnt even listen to it or they are just dumb. This album are masterpiece bby.
The album is incredible and delivers everything and beyond what it proposes. It's wonderful to follow and listen to songs that were part of the history of this group so important not only for their country, but with global relevance.
Amazing album! BTS’s discography will never not amaze me. Their ability to communicate through music is top notch and is the reason they have been successful for 10 years and counting. This anthology album is a true gift and I love their new songs, Yet to Come, Run BTS and For Youth.
A beautiful album and heartfelt reflection on BTS’ past 9 years. New tracks brought me to tears in their thoughtful acknowledgment of time gone by and the fleeting news of youth combined with BTS’ stunning success and ceaseless optimism for the future. And Run BTS is just a BOP.
The best is Yet to come and IS in This album top, listening to him is a wonderful journey
Best boy band in the world, the anthology album made feel like I I got to experienced pre debut bts since I am not a pre debut army, those boy are so talented and hard working
A beautiful album. Very cohesive with an immersive storyline. Absolutely loved it.
This album is so beautiful and explores so many genres. 10/10 would recommend.
a song that tells the story of 9 years they worked, I feel touched while watching their music video. I've been their fan for 3 years and I really want to feel their old era and finally with this album I can feel it.
This is the best album! They are really a talented artist, for 9 years they proved that they didn't lost even once their artistry. This album is The Proof of their hardwork and talent, if I can I would buy even 1k pieces of this album. Kudos BTS! it's a perfect anthology album for those fans who doesn't know their old masterpieces.
oh my god this album is amazing, i already have a favorite, and it would definitely be run bts, every detail holy **** BTS outdid themselves a lot on this album
album of the year, all the tracks are amazing and the 3 new songs are magical and of course our beloved song born singer is amazing
The best album till date!!!Proof is a shining example of how to do it well, drawing listeners in with the familiar and enriching the experience with a special, personal touch.
Listened to this Anthology Album as I traveled through different Bangtan eras from debut up until now in disc 1, was accompanied individually by each member in disc 2 and could even reach a time before debut in disc 3. Time traveling is possible.
this album contains such a comforting & healing songs..great album from a talented seven young good hearted men.
The journey so far undoubtedly change my life and this album was a sweet summary of everything they’ve been through
An absolute masterpiece. Makes me feel nostalgic even though i wasn't there with them along the journey. This anthology shows how versatile BTS' artistry is. Also, it's the end of their first chapter. A chapter filled with hardships, failures,tears, wonderful blooming friendship, success and the rise to worldwide fame. Can't wait for the second chapter.
The anthology is just perfect, the 3 news songs are just what ARMYS waiting from BTS, they never disappointed us. Thank to them for sharing us their incredible discography and their demos. We love you !
An incredible anthology to celebrate their outstanding career. BTS’s Proof provides as proof of their unyielding time, effort and skill. With a verity of genres and styles, it shows the groups growth as artists and that they’re no where near close to being done. It leaves excitement for what’s on the horizon while simultaneously celebrating their past. It’s truly wonderful.
This album is really worthy to buy
became an army in year 2015 and releasing this album really relived all my memories as I was growing up with them. No regrets in buying this album as it was really a sentimental one for me. All songs have different message, impact, and sentiments on my life. I've been with BTS for a long time - I grew up with them, and I was one of the people who were privileged enough to see them grow without them losing their love for music and for ARMYs. Yet to Come, Run BTS, For Youth, and their entire discography is their masterpiece proof that no matter what happens, they will never get tired of making good music. Not just for the world, but for the people who truly loves them, and I am here to witness it, no matter how long the chapter gets.
This is actually a really good album. If you read the lyrics and listen to the songs then they are very good. So give it a go without prejudice.
The album is really awesome viewing back to their past releases and the new songs are damn good ..I hope more GP listen to BTS and fing their magic shop
Always stay in my heart. Bts is a home for me. Walk together in 1 way.Need more intense song. And army will wait.
The album is amazing. The album is jam packed with great tunes; Spanning songs from the start of their career, unreleased demos, new songs and a remastered one, the Bangtan boys take the listener in a nostalgic journey. 100% recommend. Can’t wait for more from BTS
It goes without saying how amazing their entire discography is. And the fact that we got an entire anthology album that incles their hit and diverse music is actually amazing. The 3 new tracks we got are truly bangtan. Yet to Come, Run BTS and For Youth. A Blessing to us.
This album is the best album so far, it made me cry. For youth literally is a song where they expressed what we all feel abt them. Yet to come gave flashbacks of all the times from their debut. You and I, the best moment is yet to come
I love this Anthology, it really feel like a look back to the last 9 years with them and it was magical, but the best is yet to come
Proof, the new anthology from BTS, is a treat for new and old fans alike, The group took great care in creating a collection of songs that are just a part of their ongoing journey. As it's been said, this is just part of the journey, and ARMY can't wait to see what's next.All three of the new songs are standouts, and the lead track "Yet to Come" is an uplifting track that takes your breath away, and makes you happy at the same time. The joy in the song as the group looks back at their past with a hopeful eye to the future. "RUN BTS" is a banger that makes you bounce in your seat or even extra lift to your workout list. "Born Singer" is a previously unreleased track. This anthology has been a joy to listen to and it has absolutely no skips. 10/10
It's an excellent Proof Album. I love it so much how BTS has come so far, looking forward to BTS Next Chapter. BTS is a Super ICONIC boyband this century.
Proof é um álbum perfeito, não tem outra palavra que descreva tão bem esse álbum novo do BTS, as faixas Yet to come e For Youth são emocionantes, elas carregam a história do BTS, é impossível você escutar elas e não se sentir tocado de alguma forma, sendo fã ou não. Run BTS já é uma música mais animada, contagiante, com uma letra impecável e um refrão que gruda na sua cabeça. E as outras faixas do álbum também são ótimas, o álbum está maravilhosa, o que já era de se esperar, o BTS nunca nos decepciona.
I preordered the set and I can’t wait to receive it! This album reflects on BTS’ journey since 2013. I wasn’t a fan then but this anthology gives me a chance to celebrate their music, their journey and makes me feel like I’ve been running with them since the beginning. Cd1 filled with all the beautiful title tracks that are all dear to me. It shows their range and their growth musically. The tracks that made me first noticed them. Cd2 filled with B-sides gems. The thing about Bangtan is their b-sides are as beautiful and powerful as their title tracks. Cd3 filled with demos. Funny thing is, some of them can be released as a whole different songs. I love hearing the what-could-have-beens. BTS has one of the best beats and melodies (trivia-seesaw? wow) I personally love Epiphany demo. My god. Jin’s vocals is insane. But the most fun one is Boyz w/ Fun. It’s just chaotic Bangtan. In Cd3 you can hear how young they sound when they recorded these demos. It’s like i’m transported to pre-debut and debut days. Nostalgic. This whole anthology makes me appreciate their music, their lyricism, the sincerity and thoughtfulness they put in each of their songs. I just wish more people are open-minded. Music has no boundaries. Language barrier?—we got a lot of volunteer translators for that. Or read the captions in the MVs. If you really love music, language should not be a barrier for you. Let me wrap this up to say: BTS IS LITERALLY THE BEST.
FOR ARMY ONLY!!!!! Not everyone fits in the genre. Sorry! With ‘Yet To Come’ commemorating the past 9 years of our history together to a love letter from BTS in the form of ‘For Youth’, If you don’t understand and love the significance behind each track, It’s not for you. PROOF, you will always be famous baby. This anthology was everything I could’ve wanted and more.
It's an amazing anthology album, I met BTS for this release and I was able to follow an exciting story through the songs that contain only album, they have a group history to be proud of
Probably has to be one of the best BTS album! Really amazing songs and shows how much bts has grown over these years and how their love for music hasn’t change at all.
This album shows the BTS GENRE. They can sing and perform any genre and make it their own and something new. Their journey from mere teenagers to young adults now can be heard in their lyrics that aims to inspire, motivate and heal. This album shows why they deserve to be called legends
One of the best albums ever didn't think that an Anthology album would make me this exicited,it's like a little secret of ours
This new album is simply AWESOME! BTS does an amazing job, I'm grateful to be their fan.
It’s such a beautiful album with the collection of all their past works!! The three new songs Yet to come, Run BTS and For Youth are just amazing!!! The third CD contains all the demos of their songs and the songs that couldn’t make it to the previous albums!! I must say BTS has proved yet again how talented they all are!!
This album is one of the most album that you can hear . Proof album is full of memories from the past until now . If you hear this album many emotions make you emotional . The lyrics , the song , the music video .... etc all of them are full of creativity and calm and good feeling .
a masterpiece it is so good everyone go listen to it and be a better person thsnks.
Álbum incrível com músicas marcantes, emocionantes e uma nostalgia maravilhosa
This album is so great. It contains their entire 9 years journey. This album brings back old memories and a lots of emotions. Thank you so much BTS for this album. This is so great. I love you and thank you again ♥️♥️
The album reflect all of their journey from their debut era until their “top-tier” era and it gave me lot of goosebumps everytime I listened to it. I never expect to meet an artist/group who can write and produce songs and albums with deep meanings and motivation towards your life's success. Their album, proof, is leading the way for the young generation to always believe in themselves because we are the ones who can define our success, not others. Besides, this album contained a lot of meaningful things on their concept that only a true artist and a true fan can relate to.
The journey of BTS music is shown very artistically and beautifully in this album .absolutely perfect. also the 3 new songs have 3 different vibes and my absolute favorite is run bts like damn its hits perfectly. also cd 3 is a masterpiece . this anthology album deserves all the love it can get! 100%
A selection of BTS' finest works throughout their first 9 years. Proof starts off with Born Singer, an old fan favourite song that hadn't made its debut onto streaming platforms till now. The album then goes through different eras of BTS' title tracks, and a marvelous selection of the members solo works. The new Title track, Yet To Come is a chill alternative hip hop song, where the members promise audience and themselves a brighter future. RUN BTS is a hype song about BTS' hardships and their determination to keep running even through the toughest obstacles. For Youth is my favourite. It's a song for their dedicated fans with heartwrenching lyrics and beautiful vocals. Overall, I loved this album to pieces. Gonna listen to it over and over again.
All the good Music we love, plus yet to come, that is amazing and soulful, and Run BTS that is like purê energey running through you!!! An amazing album!!
PROOF é o exemplo claro de como artistas de verdade são, o álbum é de uma qualidade impressionante, e mostra a história do grupo com excelência.
10 out of 10 with the musical history as well as phenomenal new tracks this anthology is the Proof that BTS paved the way!
They are not the Biggest Group for nothing. I was amazed how their old songs still feel and sound this good no matter how many times you listened to it. No Skips!! Even the new ones are amazing. With this album, you will really know how much they have grown as artists. Deserves a 10!!
As expected, BTS never disappoints. the album is about the theory of their past, present and future. Although they've been the best, in the upcoming time their best is still yet to come. They ended the chapter 1 very beautifully and now they'll begin with a new chapter, which ik will be beautiful too !!All the songs are very beautiful. I'd obviously recommend it !
Their very first anthology album. If you look and listen to the whole album, you'll be able to listen and get to know about some of their old songs!
I haven’t stopped listening to BTS’ older songs but when Proof came out and I first played it it was like hearing them all for the first time! This album is their legacy and the end of their first chapter, but like they said the most beautiful moment is yet to come. I'm so excited to see what the future holds for BTS and I'll be there with them every step of the way. All the new songs and demos on this album were greatly anticipated and did not disappoint! BTS are truly the greatest once in a lifetime musicians who truly love their art and it shows through their music, lyricism and live performances! I’m proud to be their fan! I adore this whole album! Thank you, BTS!
this album is so amazingThe song is very good and full of meaning
I could gush about BTS and Proof all day long. This album is a love letter from the group to ARMYs but is also an excellent entry point for someone who is curious about their songs and does not know where to begin. It allows them to sample their genuinely impressive (and immaculate) discography that spans 9 years - whether it is ballads, hip-hop, rap, blues or pop - and hopefully give them the impetus to take a deep dive into the older albums and also the members’ solo tapes which, I promise you, is the best thing ever. BTS is a one-in-lifetime artist and every time I listen to their music, I am awed by their artistry and how the stories they tell and the togetherness and hope that they convey through their music is so rare.
I love it! The 3 new songs are really good. I love the demos on the third cd too
the songs are totally masterpieces! and the concept pic??? they all look gorgeous
This album consist of their journey from the beginning till now. Its an emotional rollercoaster seeing how much they have grown in just one album. Would most definitely recommend
Your flop model singer wannabe girlies could never achieve this level of masterpiece.
Masterpiece is the only appropriate word! This anthology shows the depth and versatility of BTS talent!
PROOF is a nostalgic journey through BTS’s journey with highlights from their career so far - and oh what a career it has been! Unprecedented. Unmatched. The album has 3 amazing new tracks - all with different vibes and genres. Run BTS is surely going to be one of my all time favourites. CD3 is especially meant for ARMYs and it is so sweet of BTS to share their creative process with us, along with 2 previously unreleased songs. Anyway this album is only a peek into the no-skips discography that BTS has. BTS paved the way, and this album is the proof!
Beautiful album!! great music, a lot of time went into this i love it a lot!! shows the amount of growth bts has had in the last nine years and its wonderful to see.
Best anthology album showcasing BTS through the past 9 Years. From HipHop to K-Pop, R&B, POP. This album shows the range and hard work and dedication they have put in and developed. The end of a chapter for them to introduce a new level of content for they world to see. It only Goes up from here. Congrats BTS and Army!
This album is a brilliant show of 9 years of artistry and Bangtan Sonyeondan proving why they've become the biggest band in the world - good music
BTS grows so organically musically and conceptually that it's no surprise they now have the ability to bring us an anthology album. It is with great happiness that we receive demo songs and even new songs with beautiful messages (and stronger ones) for our delight as a fan. Congratulations, BTS, another show of wonderful content even after completing its almost 10-year career.
No words to talk about this amazing albumProof is really an amazing album!!
The band through this anthology album has proven once again why they stood the test of time, prejudices and all kinds of obstacles. From their 2013 release (debut song: No more dream) to their latest 'Yet to Come' they have shown their mettle and the fact that it takes courage and humility to say they are still learning even after being such sought-after artists in the industry for almost a decade now. It takes even more courage to acknowledge that the past was the best but the best is yet to come next..
This album is an incredible way to start your deep-dive into BTS' discography! I have been a fan for over 9 years now, and i'm honoured to say, even though loats of their amazing songs are on this album, there is still more music to dicsover once the album has finished playing. I feel very nostalgic listening to "PROOF".
Proof is a testament to the band’s range and longevity, featuring tracks chosen by the members to represent almost a decade-long career. The new songs are well-executed and skew closer to their original sound while also showing growth and the band’s still vast potential.
straight banger songs I highly recommend especially run bts, yet to come and for youth!!
The album is composed of Majestic and awesome songs! the lyrics ans the melody **chef kiss
The album reflects BTS musical journey, them being true to their craft up to now. What i love about the album is the different genre that you can hear, the different styles, the genius in the lyrics.
A wonderful album to go through BTS' journey since their debut! The album demonstrates their wide range and musicality. It also has some new songs, the best of which in my opinion is Run BTS!
I love every songs in this album. Each of them has special melody, meaning and from different genre. You can always find a song from BTS for yourself. Check their choreography on youtube too, I'm sure you never regret! Stan BTS is one of best decision I have made in my life!BTS took me along their journey in many years via their songs. Thank BTS for helping me over the difficult time in my life. Thank BTS for making me happier everyday.
Um álbum limpo, que realmente conta a história dos 7 garotos que tinham um sonho que se tornou realidade. BTS nunca decepciona.
PROOF is a journey through BTS discography! The 3 new songs (4 if you include Born Singer) have the classic Bangtan sound and autobiographical themes. CD 1 highlights their title tracks, starting from their debut in 2013 with No More Dream and ending with their new title track, Yet To Come. For CD 2, each member selected a solo song and a unit track to share. And CD 3 gives an inside look at demos from years past (these tracks are on CD only). PROOF is the perfect way to celebrate Bangtan's vast discography!
The Best of both Past and Future! In their 3-CD anthology, PROOF, BTS takes a leisurely stroll through their impressive catalog from their debut up to the pandemic years, showcasing their wide versatility. Including crowd party favorites and sentimental soothers, this anthology does a good job of offering the PROOF its title points to. By turns nostalgic and hard-edged, there's literally something here for everyone. The newest entries into their pantheon of work, 'Yet To Come', 'Run BTS' and 'For Youth' show the maturity and confidence gleaned from nine years spent as literally the hardest working band in the business. As a special treat they've even pulled back the curtain to let us in on the process with a few unreleased demos and alt versions of fan faves that can ONLY be heard on the physical CD. (Time to dust off those Boomboxes, folks!) From start to finish, PROOF is a treasure trove of gems that shouldn't be missed!
Proof has everything you can wish for. From their older songs, that are great, to the newer ones, also great. And also, three new tracks, bangers, too. And the hidden tracks, CD only, are awesome.
A great Anthology Album for ARMY and soon to be ARMY. Why? With this Abum you can follow their journey, see their growth and their musical variety. There so much here. Take your time, follow the sidetrack and then comeback here. Proof is exactly that.... Proof why BTS is so great, mesmerizing and enchanting. It is all there. Just have look.
I've been listening to these guys music for about 7 years now. Almost every track in this anthology album I've heard before but it still hits the same. That's how good their music is.... Discovering them without any prejudice was the best decision
It is an anthological album, so it has the boys' entire music journey, as well as a chronology and 3 more unreleased songs. It's an excellent album that anyone who hears it will fall in love with. it has all kinds of genres, from the most agitated and energetic to the calmest and softest. the boys really did an amazing job.
THIS ALBUM IS SO GOOD, EVERY SINGLE SONG IS CHEF'S KISS. I AM NOT EVEN EXAGGERATING
On repeat all songs! Very classy! 1000+ for lyrics, some make me cry: spring day, yet to come.
This is a Masterpiece...it's such a **** bop...it shows how hard they worked for the things they achieved right now...the fact that they mentioned they did it just for thier love for music and nothing else....im so proud to part of army...will always be loving them!
This is the best anthology album ever. The best part about this is that THE BEST MOMENT IS YET TO COME.. I can't wait to see chapter 2 of BTS..
it’s amazing pls stream like i literally levitate when i hear yet to come they’ve come so far and this album is literally perfect
This album takes you on an incredible journey from past to present to future of this amazing group with the new single 'Yet to come' as the cherry on top. Perfection!
I’ll have to say, I’m so glad that their older songs are finally getting recognized. As a Permission to Dance era Army, I might have gotten into the fandom because of Butter, but I stayed -among other many reasons- because of their previous works. I highly recommend -as Nam said- to listen to it in the intended order. Is a wonderful experience, since you get to appreciate their amazing evolution. This is the first time I hear an album with 0 skips. All songs are true masterpieces. And, of course, totally worth the experience of buying a physical copy, which is something I haven’t done in years. As a “baby” Army, I couldn’t think of a better way to start my BTS collection. And for GP, hope you can give yourself the chance to really know what BTS is about, beyond the good and well known “Butter” and “Dynamite”. Spoiler alert: you might be surprised…and also might really like it
This album incapsulated BTS in the past 9 years. I wish I could give it more than a 10 because, it has been such a beautiful journey with them & they have released nothing but good music after good music. Their discography truly is a masterpiece! So many good music, great storyline, powerful messaging, and brilliant lyricism! I'm so happy I became their fan. I am literally growing up to their music &, I think, that's one of the best things that has ever happened to me.
Thank you Bangtan Sonyeondan for another amazing album. As expected, high-quality work. Listening & watching the MV of "Yet To Come" makes me nostalgic. It feels like time-traveling & concluding the storyline (Bangtan Universe) to transition to Chapter 2. It is not the end but a gracious beginning. The other new songs like the hype song, "RUN BTS" is wild. We didn't see this coming. ARMY are surprised. "Born Singer is", another classic that is finally released on CD/all platforms. This song always makes me cry. And of course, the intimate song for the ARMYs, "For Youth." This album was an intimate gift to us, their ARMY (fans). I am forever in awe of this level of relationship of BTS with the ARMYs. PROOF album encompasses their passion & hard work - blood, sweat & tears to make such amazing music that moves a lot of people of all ages, races, gender identities, etc I know we are only starting...the best yet to come. Those who give RED marks on this album haven't touched the album yet - even hear 1 song or read the LYRICS. In the end, ARMY knows how precious this album is - 9 years PROOF of passion, love, and hard work that is meaningful and nostalgic for us. This album is a treasure.
this album is proof of how hard BTS have worked to get where they are. The title track Yet To Come is nostalgic song which walks with you towards the future of BTS and ARMY together. This album is a great way to get to know some of the best BTS songs, including title tracks from their previous albums in cd 1, b-sides that the members chose in cd 2, and on cd 3 are demos and unreleased songs.
The album is amazing!! The songs make me feel so many emotions..the lyrics are so touching and relevant! The message they wish to portray is clear - that they do not care about the expectations and opinions of the warped industry...they're just 7 men who love music with their hearts and wish to reach out to people all over the world with their music and that they'll continue doing so! Also, there are lines and a whole song specially for us ARMY, their fans! They convey their love for us while telling that they will also keep going on with us and that we have yet to experience so many more amazing and memorable moments together. It feels like a promise between BTS and ARMY and that just makes me feel even closer to them
If you are a long term fan or just want to get to know BTS post Grammy,this anthology is a huge treat.Opening with Born Singer (sampled from J Cole) written in 2013 and closing disc 3 with a love song to ARMY,the diversity,lyricism and sheer artistry shines like the sun.Hits spanning 9 yrs,solos,unreleased demos and 3 new songs.Title track,nostalgic Yet to Come,hip hop/rock Run BTS and tear jerking For Youth.An album to treasure for many,many years.
PROOF is perfect, it has no errors. simply incredible!! BTS once again proving to be great artists
Such an amazing album produced by a high quality artist BTS
I really love how they ended their chapter 1 , no one is doing it like bts I really loved yet to come it shows that they didn’t change and will not change
Great album looking back at their last 9 years. Yet to come and for youth emotional, but beautiful songs. Run BTS a banger. Great way to end a chapter. Excited for the next one.
Achei perfeito, estou escutando sem pararBTS arrasou e entregou um conceito maravilhoso, meninos vocês estão de parabéns
Um album maravilhoso, cheio de referências, musicas maravilhosas, uma verdadeira obra de arte, em um momento você chora em outro voce balança a raba.
I love this album, especially the new songs Yet To Come, Run BTS, Born Singer and For The Youth. BTS vocals, melodies and lyrics are top tier.
Esse álbum está incrível, simplesmente o maior do mundo, o bts é incrível
Great album. I’ve never regret buying it knowing that it was from the 21st century’s biggest boyband in the world which is BTS.
Beautiful album, the song selection it matches each member perfectly.Yet to come, for youth and Run BTS showcase the bands flexibility to create different styles and genres of music.
Honestly the best that can happen to baby armys who missed the previous eras....a no skip album....
I love alot of their older songs so bringing them back amazing!!!! Love the song "Yet to come" for its sweet lyrics. I know this song is going to be one of my comfort songs way into the future.
This is definitely a 10. The tracks perfectly described their whole 9 year journey as an evolving artist. It also showcased their versatility so well. Their 3 new tracks were superb (the lyricism is so great!). Yet To Come their title track is a great summarization of their growth as a musician. What I liked the most is the CD 3 where they included the demos. Its just great to witness the process of the song before it became the actual version. Proof is really a documentary of their artistry.
Really loved the anthology album, the songs varied in genres showing the versatility and growth of the artist over the years.
For me this album is a taste of who BTS is. It’s a great album for new fans
It is an incredible album, it has a great variety in terms of musical genres, it also brings together the group's trajectory well. I love this album, it's really good, people should listen to this album to see the incredible quality that this group manages
Everything on this album is amazing, they put some of their best songs on it and added new music that is wonderful! Excellent album
This album is a real journey, it perfects every genre and song includedA true masterpiece
This album is so special for ARMY and BTS. This album sees the struggle of a rookie group which eventually becomes the world's biggest group only through their music and their fan's support. With each of their song BTS gives a message amd encourages people to love themselves, accept they are beautiful, don't give in to the social pressure etc. As the message is always good, their song and music is out of this world. Their production quality is world class. They have shown their journey from a rookie group to world's biggest group in this Proof album to show the world that this is their proof and yes they have endured everything to become global superstars
An album consisting of nostalgia and promise of a new chapter.Fans of BTS, old and new will wildly enjoy this anthology album filled with classic BTS tracks and new songs including album only tracks that is bound to be surprising.
Esse álbum está incrível, principalmente as novas músicas, o mv de yet to come está maravilhoso!! Cada detalhe, a harmonização das vozes, os cenários relembrando mv's antigos..., eu como army me sinto orgulhosa de ver o crescimento deles, vão ouvir as novas músicas e os apóiem!!!
perfeito ! meus meninos nunca decepcionam, está tudo lindo :D simplesmente não consigo parar de escutar, obrigado bangtan ♡
esse álbum e simplesmente uma obra de arte moderna, estou completamente apaixonada pelas músicas novas e ainda mais por ser um álbum antológico, mostrando uma coletânea de hinos dos reis da indústria!!!
O álbum está incrivelmente perfeito, as músicas me trazem uma sensação de euphoria e nostalgia, a harmonias das vozes deles são incríveis. Orgulho de ser fã deles, eles nunca erram
The album is AMAZING, the new songs are bop, specially Run BTS, and the older ones are masterpieces. It represents the evolution of the group and the reason why they arw who they are right now. Amazing album!!!
I love this album, it shows the path that BTS had to go through. How much they suffered to get to where they are today, but also how much they enjoyed the process. It is simply a perfect summary of what these 9 years have been.
This is a pretty good album. Proof has sentimental songs for bts's career I really appreciate that
If you only heard Dynamite and Butter, this album just proves how wide BTS' music range is. BTS is more than just your cute boy band, they could be hiphop, ballad, pop, and dance. Listen to it to know them better.
I just want to say this album is so amazing I m totally fallen for the songs not an army but totally love it
I love it.... I don't understand with hater and antis who came here just to give this album bad review....you guys aren't even part of us ARMY or general public listeners, and the fact that you're fans of other groups... but you guys took the trouble to get in here and give a bad review just out of envy and jealousy...really sad.. i don't care about you haters and anti..Which I know for sure, and it is proven by real facts and reliable data,This album is a MASTERPIECE....
This album is almost a crash course on the diverse discography that BTS has cultivated over the last 9 years and also such a personal gift for ARMY. Hearing this in its entirety can give anyone who has not yet heard any of their songs an idea of who they are as musicians. Plus the 3 new tracks are each amazing and such great additions to their catalogue. The lyrics are incredibly rich as well. CD 3 gives a very close look into their process of creation. The talent and dedication that BTS possess is really inspiring.
proof is an incredible album, it is full of history, the story of 7 talented boys who achieved success through hard work and humility.This album is the best thing I've ever heard in my life.
Absolutely wonderful. Every song is a banger…and no skips needed. Such a celebration of everything BTS has created and such a great tribute for ARMY.
This album truly indicates the growth of an artist as a whole. Listening to this album is a surreal experience .
CD incrível, com músicas perfeitamente compostas e produzidas, melodias contagiantes e vozes incríveis.
the best album ever... im happy to exist in the same centure of them. The mix of emotions and sincerely with them and the armys are so amazing
This album showcase how versatile they are as a group. BTS shows when it comes to music they are on top of the game. This analogy album is the perfect way to end a chapter. Can't wait for what the next chapter with BTS will bring!
Album that full of BTS history from 0 to hero....I love all the song so much especially Yet To Come.. Must buy Must listen...
It's a amazing album I love every minute of listening to this masterpiece. RUN BTS THE BEST TRACK!!
After being in the Army family for 5 years, this collection gives all the feels and as fan I have never felt more seen and supported by an artist before. Proof is for those who need to know about BTS and their insane talent.. WHICH IS EVERYONE they got the PROOF
Such a beautiful album...As expected our biys BTS never ever disappointed us...so proud of them.
A lovestory from BTS to Army. A must have for both veteran and new armys Cd3 is magic. The 3 new songs will for sure hit the charts. Run BTS is already played by different sports evenemang, it will be hugh!
Its an amazing album ! I throughly enjoyed listening to it
This anthology album is actually an album shining bright! It is beyond amazing, more so because it is meaningful for both the artist (BTS) and the fandom's (ARMY) journey. All the old and new songs are worth listening to and are just really, really beautiful! ( ◜‿◝ )♡
A masterful collection of their past 9 years with some unheard demos for the real fans to appreciate on CD3!
the album is just amazing, the songs are each more perfect than the last, i'm in love
Most beautiful album by BTS .
Witnessing their growth and journey with this album is an unforgettable experience. The new songs are amazing. Love this album so much
SUCH A GREAT ALBUM OVERALL!These great musicians brought a light to their catchy music with meaningful lyrics all throughout nine years as a group. These anthology is a PROOF of their journey as artist with experimenting with different genre ranging from hip hop to neo soul to electro-pop.Bring light to social issue,mental health and loving yourself.CD1 containing of compilation title tracks of provides a wide genre of Pop, eletro-pop,hip hop and even ballads with hip-hop essence. Catchy beats, genius lyricism enough to blow your mind.CD 2 Hand picked tracks by Member of BTS along with new single Run BTS. Starting with Run BTS with catchy cadences, genuinely great rap flow and lyrics over life as an artist and trainee under a company., revisiting their 10 years with bighit entertainment.Song got cathy build up with crazy unpredictable drop. CD3 revisits demos throughout their career and New songs "young love" and "Quotation mark". Both sounds bring back old school BTS with heavy rap along side catchy chorus.
Perfect, it's an album you fall in love with at first. each song has a simply amazing story.
‘Proof’ is the bestest way to make their 9th-year special. This anthology album really showed their versatility and hard work through years. The new songs are absolutely a bop, Yet to Come really encompasses their legacy, while Run BTS showed their humbleness while dissing the haters. And For Youth is a chef’s kiss, a truly gift for the fans. The CD tracks are also amazing, especially Quotation Mark, it sounds like it just came out from their old album Skool Luv Affair! I would definitely play this album wherever I go.
This album is the PROOF of BTS' talent, the reason why they are the best group of our days. The new songs are brilliant and show the versatility of this group, the hits they have chosen are all successful and rich in meaning and the demos are a window into a world we don't usually see. This is how true artists work on their music, this is BTS.
The album is extremely good. Every song has own meaning specially yet to come.
Amazing!!!! Bangtan always give us the best !!! This album holds the history of the 7 members of BTS!!!
Lots of fake fans post mean comments, just give it a taste and let the global rankings do the talking BTS is the best!
This album is theirs and our story, 9 years long. The first chapter ends and the door to the next opens. We are waiting for many more years full of love and beautiful music
The best album❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
It touches my heart. Every time I listen to the album, especially 'Yet To Come' and 'For Youth', it reminds me of my every moment and memory I spent with them, it's so precious and nostalgic yet reassuring. I have spent my 5 years, my ups and downs with them. When I look back, they are always there with me. In the darkest time of my life, their music always bring me comfort and happiness. This anthology album is indeed one of the best gifts I have received from them.In the rest of my life and journey, they will be with me and I will be with them too. Thanks to my love, my pride, my comfort, my happiness, my universe - BTS
best album i’ve ever heard, i wasn’t a fan then i heard this album, truly an impressive discography i can’t wait to see what they do next
As usual, BTS proves they are the best of the best. A great collection of their aristry highlighted by new songs that showcase their vocal growth and diversity. If this is chapter 1 of their lives, can't wait for chapter 2.
Bts saved my life with this album! I can’t stop to listen that masterpiece. Thank God for them
This album is so incredible, beautiful, and so historical. For ARMY who stand BTS from 2020 until now, this is very helpful for you to look the journey from BTS. BTS really deserve to have this anthology album. For haters who always say that BTS is very changing in terms of genres and already bored, BTS show it on this album that they never change. They just improve their genres. But, in this album, they show us all of their best song. This album is really worth it to buy.
A very very curated and amazing album with amazing songs from their past ones and 3 new songs (+ Born Singer, Young Love, Quotation Mark, and demo tracks)! The lyrics and the songs, itself, are so beautiful. BTS proved themselves again! Such kings
The discography of these 7 men are unmatched, the old songs still felt new and the demos were masterpieces. The 3 new songs also show how gifted they are. 100/10
This album brings bts's history, it's so important and so pretty to see how they have grown up. This album is a masterpiece
o melhor álbum que existe skksxkxkkzmsmamzkzmsmsmzmmzkzkziskskskskskskkskskxkzkskkskskskkszkz
proof is such an amazing album. Anyone who need inspiration, who feels they cant reach their goal, this album shows u the proof how a korean boy band from a small companys garage is in the top of the world. It gives u motivation and inspiration to become the best.
This album is amazing it has most of the songs in BTS’s career which is cool. The album is fire!! This album is an anthology album! This is my first time really listening to a whole BTS album. I was surprised how good their music is. This makes me want to become a fan. Seriously if you decide to check on their music be sure to read the lyrics as well. It’s crazy how much thought they put on their lyrics. Great group!!!
O álbum do ano! Eles são o maiores da indústria, sempre superando a nossas expectativas. Um trabalho excelente e impecável! Todo esforço e trabalho duro valeram a pena, uma verdadeira obra prima.
so happy to listen to their old songs along with their recent ones in one album!! the cd3 is a great gift for the fans im so happy
It's perfect. The album is like a timeline of BTS' history with ARMY. Yet to come and For Youth are love letters to us. Run BTS is for fun and shut up haters. Impossible not to praise this work of art.
Apsolutely beautiful, all their best hits and the new song are also amazing!!
best album ever!! If you want to hear hits anfter HITS then this is your album. It makes me feel so proud about being their fan, ru bts is a bop! LOVE IT
This one for sure was something very strong for me, I've been in the fandom for 3 years. It's been three years since I promised not to leave them. And here I am. To see them representing every era, but as they are today is very exciting for me. So again I promise to stay until the last army bomb goes out.
talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique
What a beautiful album! BTS never disappoints. This album is a good summary of their 9-year career.
Maravilhosoo, álbum que vem cheio de significados pro army. Merece tudooo!!
This album was a comprehensive peek into the career of BTS, who have spent years voicing themselves in different genres of music. From the old tracks to the new, it definitely shows the colors BTS have had, have, and will be capable of showing us in the future. A beautiful mix of past and present with a peek of what is ahead are all on this album.
Love the album! Excellent summary to connect 9 years music history. It is a great way for the ones who want to dive into BTS discography.
I think for any artist to release an anthology album is probably the biggest step they will make in their career as they showcase all their hits. I'm really surprised with BTS the diversity within their discography is something I didn't expect, I think it was a good choice to release this album because BTS is definitely on my radar now I will look forward to their future releases.
I can’t stop listening, they have taken me down a beautiful lane of memories and I’m absolutely in love. Their vocals on each track and the rap line just give Ugh vibes, yes, please. Seriously I can’t wait for the next chapter. 10 out of 10 a 100 out of a 100 Respect
I love all the tracks of the album the new and old one's. It's enlighten us, of how BTS truly love creating music.
The album has 3 new songs and all three are amazing. Run BTS is my favourite, the energy it has is keeping me do my work in a very energetic manner
A beautiful culmination of music spanning 9 years of BTS’ journey as artists. The anthology album is filled with a vast array of music perfect for music lovers of all genres. I'm always impressed with BTS’ ability to take on different sounds and styles in their music. The album tackles societal pressures, mental health, the concept of dreaming, longing, and so forth. However, it also blends playful and energetic songs to really keep you on your toes. Proof is intended to tell BTS’ story beginning from their debut in 2013 and I believe it does just that. The selection of songs truly reflects BTS’ artistic and personal growth throughout the past nine years.
The three new songs are a fantastic way to end a chapter and start a new one. Yet To Come is a nostalgic view to the past and all the achievements they’ve come trough. Run BTS is a fantastic catchy hip-hop song that englobes BTS original essence, but more mature now. And For Youth is a beautiful ballad, dedicated to the people that has been with them since the very beginning: The BTS Army. Also, the 3 CDs contain they’re best songs, and really wanted demos. I loved it from the start to the end.
I love the album it is a reminiscence to their old selfs but it also reflects the people they are presently. The album is significant to BTS and Army because it is a reminder that hard work pays off, people grow and that BTS has and will always create masterpieces. I am very happy that I bought it and will cherish it.
bts como sempre entregando conceito, clipe incrível e b-sides magníficas. bts tem o melhor álbum do ano.
it bring past and present with a hint of what the band want to accomplish the future, has so many genre to explore through the entire album from old hip hop to new soft rock and ballads just perfect combination for who want to know BTS in one album and a proof of how much growth they did throughout the 10 years of their music career
This album is the best I've ever heard in my life. BTS did a very good job on it and deserves to be heard by the whole world!!!
Proof Israel The BestI was looking forward to it even before this album was released....It's an extraordinary album....because this album tells the story of BTS' journey, hard work before or during their debut until now....As always BTS's work is always the best of the best.You've worked hardi love BTS
This album encapsulates BTS' essence in it's true form as is evident from it's very first song Born Singer which has lyrics that are deep and meaningful to the group which just started out their musical journey. The new songs Yet To Come, Run BTS and For Youth all have the underlying message of showcasing the path BTS chose and the reason they do what they do. While changes are inevitable some things like BTS' love and passion for music remains same and their reason to continue on the path becomes all the more clearer. If you are interested in BTS and you want to start somewhere this is a great album to do so. There's also a CD3 that has little gifts in the form of demos, acapella and some prior unreleased songs they recorded in early years of their career.
this album is proof that bts don't need to stick to a single concept, their career is much more than money or fame, and love and affection, especially for armys.
This ALBUM is the story of BTS and it's beautiful! Listeners can follow their journey, which starts with 7 kids meeting through their love of music and dance! Together they have become a global supergroup with THE most diverse fandom to exist! Their music & message is the glue!
Foi um dos melhores albuns que ja ouvi e sei que fizeram um ótimo trabalho :)
This is such an amazing album!! It contains memories from their past and this just means that BTS never forget where they started. BTS is indeed best group for me
This album is a masterpiece. I have no words to describe how much I loved all the work on this album. Bts are so talented and amazing humans. Thank you for this gift for us, armys.
O álbum conseguiu descrever o 9 anos do bts com perfeição, mostrando todos os estilos já explorados por eles
It's a beautiful and exciting album, especially for ARMYs who are from the beginning. The memories it brings and the new songs, they got it right!
really glad i exist in the same time as bts. this album represents and tells their story beautifully. it's a ride of almost 2 hours and it let us cry, dance, with our blood, sweat and tears alongside bts. they keep on surprising me on their clever lyrics, the references on their story, the beats, awesome raps and crazy beautiful vocals. everyone should check proof and bts. this is the end of a chapter and a beggining of a new one, excited to enjoy this album and to what is yet to come.
Listening to BTS PROOF in order and no skips. Album contains all of BTS' masterpieces. Even though there are only 3 new tracks, the older tracks still sound fresh and powerful. Testament to the performances, songwriting and production. AMAZINGGGGGG!
This album is amazing, as always BTS have exceeded our expectations. Bts paved the way yall
The lyricism, musicality, creativity and diversity of genres incorporated in this album are outstanding. Great work, BTS.
An incredible and heartfelt revisiting of Bangtan’s journey as artists up to now. You want to know why BTS is so popular? This is the proof.
Honestly the best release of 2022. This is definitely the Album of the year!!!
Me encanta el álbum,se puede apreciar como el grupo ve su trayectoria y está listo para una nueva etapa; las tres nuevas pistas se disfrutan bastante
o melhor álbum, com um significado incrível, simplesmente não tem como parar de escutar, yet to come a música perfeita para se fechar um ciclo lindo, for youth é apenas a declaração do amor e gratidão eles tem pelos armys, e run bts… o que falar dessa obra de arte a não ser que é icônica e uma das melhores música do bts já lançadas até agora.
It’s a beautiful album. Listening from top all the way to the last song is a beautiful journey. Says a lot about them as artists. Perfect.
Amazing album!!! New songs are different: one is giving us hope and joy, one is feeling like declaration of love to us, and one is our new anthem for bangtan and army. I feel so happy and joyfull while listening this new songs and old ones. And I'm so exiting and waiting my Proof set with disc 3 to hear it!
This is truly a special album. Not only is it a collection of their top tier past works but it also includes 3 new songs. All of the songs hold a special place in my heart for different reasons. I highly recommend checking this album out if you want to know how BTS became the artists they are today.
O álbum do ano! Sério caso você nao conheca o grupo BTS após ouvir irá se apaixonar. A musica Run BTS é extremamente viciante, perfeita em tudo no arranjo nos vocais nos instrumentais e o que falar da rap line. Perfeito.
This album gives a deep glance of BTS's legendary discography , the quality of music and the production are top notch, will recommend to people who want to experience world class and meaningful music.
This album was a great journey through what BTS is calling their “Chapter 1”. Longtime ARMY will enjoy the memories, newer ARMY will get a good summary of these past 9 years, and people who are just getting into BTS have a whole roadmap to catch them up in this journey. I love this album, love the new songs, and am eager to see what is still yet to come.
such an amazing album. bts never fails to give good music. they really deserve all the success ! stream proof
The album had a handful of amazing songs to listen to and enjoy, the songs also varied from genre to meaning.
Legendary album!! So happy BTS released this album with their greatest hits & Demos. I look forward to them releasing more music in the future!!!
Absolutely a banger of an album. It’s a perfect balance of every genre BTS did with all the famous and meaningful songs BTS sung, produced and wrote. PROOF by every means is a perfect Anthology album we could have asked for. BTS’ best moment is YET TO COME
The Album is just perfect + BTS PAVED THE WAY FOR YOUR FLOPS BABYS
run bts is the best creation in the universe, this album is amazing, from the lyric, and all the meaning that goes with it
BTS made this anthology album with their most iconic songs that are also very meaningful and personal to the artists and their fans. Although they've been active for less than a decade, they are record breaking artists in many levels. I recommend this album for those who want to listen to good and meaningful music.
An album that brings together the most listened to songs in recent times, proof anthology, makes us remember the most beautiful moment together with the group.
It's the story of their career, story of their success with a promise of greater things Yet to Come!
It is a love letter to the fans, to their past and to eachother. Every piece of it is so precious and you can feel the love and growth in every song. Love them so much. It was a honor to be part of their first chapter, and i'll be there with them to whatever is yet to come
This album permit you to visit all of the era with their messages that Bts created and wanted to share with us which is wonderful
This album is just awesome. It has all of their hits and you can find all the songs in one place. Plus the new songs are amazing as well. Yet to come is looking back at their journey and being proud of it. For youth is for us
Best album of the year!!
This album caters to all genres and music tastes. For ARMY and for anyone who is non-ARMY but is open-minded to listen to them. It will make you cry, dance, ponder, and jump for joy at the same time. Their music changed my life. Their was a time in my life I started to detest music because it reminded me of some painful moments in the past. But they opened up my heart, healed my pain and now I am able to listen to music again. Give this a listen and you will be surprised at how being open to trying to listen to them will change your outlook in life.
This anthology of BTS's biggest hits, personal favorites and unreleased demos serves as a fitting retrospective to an unparalleled 9-year career, as well as a glimpse of what comes next. There's something for everyone here: best-of-the-best singles for new listeners, 4 new songs for those craving new content, and previously unreleased raw versions of tracks for the die hard fanbase. Of the new songs, Yet to Come and Run BTS are standouts, but the introspective For Youth and hip hop-infused Question Mark are worth repeat listens. A love letter to BTS's existing fanbase and an excellent entry point for the uninitiated.
Proof é o melhor e maior álbum de 2022. Bts lendas!!!! Todas as músicas do álbum contam uma história, história essa que os armys conhecem e sentem uma enorme emoção ao reviver tudo de novo.
Very well made album every song have a meaningful story behind it, diversity quality and sincerity they delivered very well 100/100.
I would say this is like trip to nostalgia.. I cannot express how overwhelming this is! I couldn’t be there with them since the beginning but now I am here,experiencing all their past work all together! I love this album. They r here to set another record and I am so proud of them!
The whole album from beginning to end is masterful. Starting from Born Singer to For Youth. BTS has showcased their whole discography and epics sounds.
This Album is a Masterpiece. All of their journey, struggle moment, and passion for music. The title track is Yet To Come. Can't wait for their next album.
It's an amazing heartfelt album from a group who completed their 9 years together.
This 3 disc anthology album released on their 10 year anniversary is a proof to the music industry, haters and everyone of how hard BTS got to where they are now. Each song varying from one another, this is a "gate" to BTS if anyone wants to listen to them. The new songs Born Singer, run bts, yet to come and for youth all are different from one another making you wonder at their versatility of them as artists. From singing about how they are just young kids dreaming of making it, how they believe they were born to be singers in "Born singer" to expressing their gratitude towards their fans Armys for sticking with them through the years in For Youth, this album creates a nice story line of their journey. Run BTS speaking about their struggle and a promise of creating more music and, that this is not their best in the song "Yet to come" in between makes you go through various emotions. This album is just a masterpiece.
perfect comp always, bts never disappoint me they are the biggest today and proof just proves it
It’s an epic BTS album. They really managed to gather their best songs and ad new songs as well. It is a tribute to their career and their relationship with ARMY. I love it
I experienced a lot of emotions listening to this album. It brought back a lot of memories of BTS working really hard to fulfill their dreams. People who are not fans should listen to this album before critiquing BTS. This album clearly explains why they are the best of the best. I love all the new songs as well as the oldies.
I really like this album because the songs make me feel comfortable, they really work hard for the army, with this album I hope BTS will always be successful and always be with ARMY
All new songs are just :* Run bts is a bop. And the other songs are soft and pleasant to hear. Glad to have found these boys
I am so glad that BTS did an anthology album. Their discography is amazing. Thank you BTS for this masterpiece
Esse álbum ta incrível!!! So o army vai entender o grande significado que ele carrega.
uma das melhores músicas que já ouvi em toda minha vida. extremamente perfeita e boa de se ouvir, acredito que todos possam gostar dessa música. quando a escutei pela primeira vez estava meio triste, porém ela melhorou meu dia completamente! super indico a música!!
It's everything you need. Very nice photos and CD3 is A MASTERPIECE....You need to buy it and enjoy !!!
This anthology album is amazing! I love all the songs and how their music is so beautiful, full of meaningful messages and mostly LOVE for ARMY! I am exited for their next chapter!
This album contain many different genres, and i find it cool honestly. They switch from hip hop, to rap centric, ballad, pop and alternative rock genres. The title yet to come was hip hop alternative (as i can read), and the run bts song was crazy. how can i describe it, hip-hop, rock, rap centric, but harmonize well. Well done
This album is amazing. Everyone should buy it. You can really tell all the effort the boys put into this album.
O resumo de uma jornada longa, difícil, mas muito bonita! BTS resolveu encerrar esse capítulo olhando pra trás e celebrando a caminhada de 9 anos de uma forma muito inteligente, trazendo de volta as memórias dos fãs mais antigos e apresentando seu passado aos fãs mais novos. O álbum contém o melhor do trabalho deles e nos deixa ansioso para a próxima etapa da carreira deles.
This is a wonderful album to get to know BTS with all the range of their talent and music styles. And for those who are already fans to remember all they love about the group. And as the say in the title track - “the best is yet to come” as BTS has not peaked yet
as a BTS fan for so long time, this album is a mix of nostalgic and endearing. The entire album made me go back to the days i listened their songs for the first time. I feel like i fell in love with them again lol theyre such a good artists.
Definitely a great compilation of their previous songs, a closing to years of hard work. It's not a goodbye, clearly by the title track, it's like graduation, a nostalgic look-back just before continuing. As expected, Proof has extraordinary vocals and lyrics. For youth is the tear jerker, it is very clear that they love their fans and are thankful for them.
BTS’ anthology album “Proof” is an aggregation of songs that propelled them in some way, shape or form down this historic and never-before-seen path that they not only paved, but meticulously crafted in the music industry. Yet To Come, a ballad like title track, pairs wonderfully with “Run BTS” , what can be seen as it’s antithesis when observing the beat. Where Yet To Come is a humble reflection on what accomplishments truly matter, “Run BTS” has that Butter-like confidence. One line specifically, that will be a army-fan-favorite is “Good Team? Goddamn”. Not only does BTS go back to their hip-hop based roots, but subtly introduce the notion that the reason BTS is what they are now, is because their relationships (between the members and also between the members and army) is authentic. Well said, Namjoon, Well said.
The new songs are amazing!!! I just love getting to experience what they consider their journey and what they wanted to be part of their proof.
I had mixed emotions. I cried because some songs are so wholesome, and I danced to some songs because they hyped me up. They truly never disappoint.
this anthological album is filled with impeccable productions and new songs capable of chilling and moving. 'proof' is indeed a sample of how BTS has been bulletproof since their debut and incredibly we can appreciate their history through their discography and exclusive songs. i loved 'proof' a lot
it's an amazing album, if you're not a fan but you're interested about BTS' music, this album is perfect for you. You can listen to their growing in the industry and different genders of music.
perfeitos como sempre. aquece meu coração poder estar com eles por todo esses anos
This album makes us live the history of the boys all their journey and achievements. Also the love that has Army this album is very special
Love love love this album - ticks so many boxes . No skips ! Has something for every situation. Yet To Come , Run BTS and For Youth are all so good !!!!
The 9 years journey of the group is well explained in one album "proof", for long time fans it will be nostalgic to look back the beginning and for newer fans it will be helpful to listen to their older songs.
This is just like another bts albums, no skips at all!!! Each and every song is so good. Their music never dissapoints. Totally worth it!!!!
Another best album from them but this time they back with anthology album that full of their past songs including few new songs.The songs they choose to put in this album have so much meaning if you read their lyrics carefully. And the first track is Born Singer remake from J.Cole Born Sinner that have been available on SoundCloud years ago finally on many streaming platforms this year. The song that has so much meaning to them that the lyrics being written personally by them. All the achievements they earned through all these years are so much deserving.
An incredible album that made me nostalgic for all these 9 years, the 3 new songs did not disappoint and left me wanting more, really looking forward to the new chapter.
O álbum traz memórias incríves para os que já acompanhavam os meninos e cria memórias inesquecíveis para aqueles que os conheceram agora
What a gift for their fandom. A history neatly wrapped in 3 cds package. You can see the range of their talents.
The best anthology album out there, those who understand artistic literature would definitely enjoy it throughly, besides its the closing piece of the first chapter of glory for BTS all their toughest to bestest moments, this truly can't get any better, love to see the brilliant amalgamation of music and storytelling that actually brings out a great message but stay tuned the best is yet to come
this album shows how diverse bts’ music is, and the 3 new songs are really fire. The vocals stood out the best in this new songs.
Thanks guys for a job well done. I love every song. New songs especially warm the soul. Run bulletproof, run!
A phenomenal album brimming with songs spanning an array of genres and eras. What this anthology album shows is the quality of BTS' music from the start, how they can maintain that quality across a variety of different styles, and just how timeless each song really is. Here's to the next chapter, I am so excited to see where they go from here.
Um álbum que encorpora o BTS em si, músicas que marcaram toda carreira de artista como um grupo, fazem um grande trabalho como compositores o que demonstra em PROOF, agradeço por ter eles como artistas da nossa geração, Obrigada BTS.
It’s so good!!!! I absolutely adore run bts!!! the BEST album ever. They make art, I’m so so so proud of them
O melhor de toda a história musical, me traz a maior sensação de conforto, mas ao mesmo tempo energia eu te amo BTS por produzir músicas q jamais outros artistas serão capazes de produzir
this album feel nostalgic to me. BTS discographies offer you a journey of how diversity they are. Love that BTS still come out with beautiful and magnificent songs.
A complete package and a really good introduction to their music and journey so far for newer ARMYs
Its such a great album i love it so much, the music is just so special with a deep meaning thanks to bts
Proof is an album that takes you through a journey of BTS past, the present and their future that’s ‘Yet to come’ . It’s is a beautiful album, well done and every song is amazing in this album and represents the groups journey.
After 9 years of relentlessly pushing forward and making their own way through the industry, BTS has returned with a gift to ARMY, wrapped in 3 discs filled with songs that mark milestones in their career, a disc personally chosen by the members, and never before heard versions of some of their discography. They also released three brand new songs which are like love letters to ARMY and also to themselves. According how hard they have worked to get here, and that it’s not over yet. Looking forward to the best that’s yet to come!
This album is so legendary!The three new songs are amazing but Yet To Come is my favorite! Yet to come made me cry several times the lyrics and BTS voices are so beautiful. My favorite part in the song Yet To Come is Namjoons rap verse it makes me want to cry I don’t know why. I guess it makes me think about how much of a great person he is and how hard he worked to get the group where they are today. It makes me very proud of him and it nearly brings me to tears.My other favorite part is the outro. BTS has an amazing vocal line and they really did amazing in the outro. The lyrics really really touch my heart during that part.My least favorite part is when the song ends. It’s one of those songs that I want to go on forever and ever.
This album is a testament to how far they have come. It’s a masterpiece, from Yet To Come, Run BTS and For Youth. The older songs relay a story that needed to be told that new and old fans alike will love. If someone had told me Jin recorded a song in English, I would not have believed them. Epiphany on Disc 3 is absolutely breathtaking. Buy the album, you will not regret it.
Yet To Come song combines the feeling of accepting the past while embracing the future. Run BTS song makes me want to shake my booty! For Youth song makes me sob as a fan. So yeah... PROOF is exactly what an anthology album should be! Stream it all baby!
Again BTS gave their everything to this album ...woww.. Amazing as always ..Everyone should listen to this masterpiece.
Beautifully encapsulates the band's musical journey with their title tracks, b-sides, and demos. You can feel their hard work and growth throughout the entire album, not a single skip.
This album was a gift to us fans as we watched the boys grow up and we can watch all seven of them becoming the amazing artists they are today.
The anthology album with demos and songs were amazing. BTS once again proved why they're the biggest band and A class musicians. By the way they reminiscing their bittersweet past of 10 years in just 5 mins shows how much they've grown. I'm so proud of them. This album really proved that they're bulletproof
Truly a collection of some of their best and most beautiful work, the new three songs were amazing addition to the album as you can really see the theme of the album reflect within the new tracks
Best Album ever It shows how hard they worked and how they came who they are today From 2013 to 2022
Best album ever! Yet To Come, Run BTS, and For Youth are amazing! This was an amazing gift to ARMYs!
Simplesmente maravilhoso, meus meninos nunca erram.Tudo simplesmente lindo e perfeito estou apaixonada e grata, hoseok tinha razão, ser army foi a melhor escolha da minha vida
I love that this album shows the different stages in their lives. From 2013 to now, BTS have been through so much hardships and challenges. It’s amazing to see their growth through this album. It really is PROOF that they deserve all the good things coming to them! I hope the people who join the hate bandwagon made by antis give them a chance and get to know them before spewing their hate for boys that just genuinely love making music and their fans.
Best album! BTS discography is incredible and this is the perfect album to proof that
Great album. Many great meaningful songs. Great demonstration of diversity of genres at songs.
The album is amazing, the guys have really told their story, in their words!!
I love the album and how it's made for army, the new songs are great and the other songs they chose give you a trip through their entire discography. P.S. I don't know where they got that it has four versions
the best album i ever heard in my life I love bts so, their songs hold us and help us!
This is the best anthology album i have ever heard. I really love all the song especially Run BTS. Run Bts it's an upbeat hiphop song that really got my interest. Also i really love For Youth, which is dedicated to army, they're fanbase. Also i recommend for all of you to search for translation for all the songs. Bts always put meaning in there's lyrics.
All songs in the album is really comforting regardless of the different language used. I could sense the sincerity they want to portray in each song and I'm thankful because they could make many music that comforted a lot of listeners. In all, the album was great.
Amazing!!! Absolutely loved it!! The album is so goood and shows how much hardwork the boys put in it!!!
This a antology album is sooo amazing, i love this. They can do a excellent album with old songs, is very very cool, after 2 years without, they did a good job. BTS always leaves me proud. i love them.
a wonderful album, all the songs are great and touch the soul, BTS always provide beautiful songs. I was looking forward to this album and they exceeded my expectations! The vocals are legendary and I can't get enough of them, they were really good :)
this album is the result of 9 years of hard work. it is very valuable.Thank you Bangtan
BTS PAVED THE WAYBTS PAVED THE KPOP INDUSTRY TO THE WESTBTS WORLD DOMINATIONThe BTS PROOF is an anthology album of bts that look back to their journey for the past 9 years. The tracks are real good. Their 3 new songs are heveanly!. It will make you cry and hyped up at the same time.
Great for new fans who only jumped in when they released their English singles. A good sampling of their 9 years together. Run BTS, a new song, is exceptional and shows of the rappers of the group.
Best new songs ever!! Their title track "Yet to come" has made me cry. The way they telling their history as 7 men who loves music made me wanna cry (which i really did cried). And Run BTS is just so lit!! Best album to bring my memories of being an ARMY. Thanks to these 7 men for all theu did for my life
Album incrivel que da a oportunidade para novos fãs conhecerem trabalhos antigos do bangtan. Run bts é sem duvidas a melhor musica do album
Está totalmente perfeito, um misto de emoções e sensações. Que só eles conseguem me fazer sentir e presenciar...
It is made by BTS, that alone show how good it is. It is very hard for artists to make such important album, a lot of them do not have impact or history enough. The thing I like the most about this group is that they never forget about their beginning, their fans. It is very lovely to see such good humans making such good music
As an ARMY since, this is beyond amazing. It triggers memory when & how i became their fan. Very nostalgic. BTSARMY are always the best expectators 'cause this album is for our journey together so refrain from commenting irrelevant opinions, y'all don't belong here
This album is the best for me. It has a lot of my favourite songs. Run BTS is such a good song! You must listen it!!!
it's just wonderful, the new songs are sooo good. bts know that you never make mistakes
Best album ever, so good 35 songs all from 2013-2022 OMG! Worth all your $ .SO HAPPY TO BUY THIS!
The best Album of the Best artists and boy group, so proud of them. BTS really paved the way
A beautiful selection of all their best music, a journey through their 9 years together. The title track Yet To Come is poignant and gives so much hope, while giving throwbacks to past eras. I love the album.
Album ini seperti dejavu dan penuh kenangan..sbg army di era boy with luv album ini sungguh luar biasa...so amazing
I wanna know why this boy group is so hyped everywhere so I listened to some songs on this album. I don't understand a thing except those with english lyrics, so I looked the subs on Youtube and wow! They are deep and timely. The songs that I liked are Spring Day, Yet to come and Born Singer I can't say that I am now a fan but I am interested and curious now
From beginning to end this album is a master piece, a true open love letter between BTS and Army. Proof gives you insight of their journey to their stories as a band and as people. I feel blessed and honored that they shared raw demos with us, unreleased tracks, as well as songs previously only released on soundcloud.
Amazing, profound and extremely enjoyable. I’m so proud of BTS for their artistry and developement through the years.
One of the most anticipated albums of the year! And we understand why! Proof shows how BTS are accomplished as artists, with one of the most largest discography of the 21st century. Bravo BTS !!
I bought the set (standard and compact) and its really worth it! All the tracklist are good! I really love the 3 new songs.
amazing album amazing songs definitely worth the wait after 18 months bts came back and once again proved that they are the best
This albums shows BTS music growth and thier new songs in the album are so great! Honestly Run BTS is my favourite new track! PROOF AOTY
it's the best anthology album of all time. if you listen to it carefully and try to understand the lyrics, you'll know and understand all behind those achievements that they've got. I'm so happy that they serve us with a light lyrics, so listeners will easily understand it. you won't regret any cents
I love everything about the album, my favorite track was "Run BTS" it's AMAZING
Yet to come is the most beautiful song. It just brings lots of memories and brings nostalgia memories
Fantastic mix of new and old. As a fan of several years at get to see the musical Joyner along with glimpses of the new path they’ll embark on in the future. In particular born singer and run bts are fantastic. Yet to come has a great midtempo beat with inspiring lyrics. Cd3 has some amazing new renditions of previously released and some unreleased songs. Overall such a treasure to listen to. Especially since the songs were handpicked by the members themselves.
The best album of the year where they tell us their quite sentimental story full of dreams since their debut
I loved this new album, I cried a lot with the references! bts once again being the biggest in the WORLD!
An amazing recap of all 9 years of the groups songs ..you could see how the evolved and explored new genres and styles
Album yang bisa membuat mood berubah' ..ini salah satu album yg paling menarik bagiku..
I'm impressed with this album, its anthology is the best I've ever heard, the members really knew how to make it the best album of the year.
Proof was totally outstanding! The new tracks, the selected songs and the demos all completely exceeded my expectations. As an anthology album the songs all flow perfectly as was picked by the members, and from a collectors point of view the photocards were perfect as well. Proof was masterfully done, and I really recommend listening and purchasing it.
this anthology album is so beautiful…I am in love with all the songs…old and new
Jhope once said that they will make sure that army will never regret following bts, this album is the literal proof of that. Proof is the evidence of BTS’s growth as an artist (cd1), a showcase of their individual artistry & musical tastes (cd2) & raw unabashed appreciation for the fandom that walked with them since the very beginning (cd3). Listening to entirety of the album you will walk away without a doubt that these 7 boys from korea were born singers. Kim Namjoon, Kim Seokjin, Min Yoongi, Jung Hoseok, Park Jimin, Kim Taehyung & Jeon Jungkook are born to be bangtan
Im not an army but this album is so goood especially the song run bts yaal gotta listen to it like literally
album of my life i love you i would marry you if i could. bts thank you i love you too as well as everyone that worked by their side through the years, you're all super important so i hope you live a good life i love you i would marry you as well mwuah
This album is a wonderful gift to fans and to people who want to immerse themselves in BTS' journey. The three new songs are top notch. Yet to Come is such a beautiful look back at the past and forward to the future, while Run BTS is a new anthem for fans to dance to. For Youth is such a beautiful love letter, and the vocals are incredible. This album does not disappoint!
Now this is something I can show to ppl when it comes to variety of songs BTS can easily pull and their journey with us all along. One of their best comebacks hands down. Yess it's mostly korean but give it a listen, you'll not regret.
This is one of the best album from them.. It contains all my favorite songs.. Love this album
IF WE LIVE FAST LET US DIE YOUUNG
This album contains the journey of BTS, it's a gift for army. They have amazing songs from their debut until now. What a joyful album.
I’ve been waiting for this album for as long as I can remember and I’m happy to say it didn’t disappoint at all. I think starting their anthology album with “born singer”, a song that talks about their longing and passion for music but also the hardships that that loves comes with, and ending it with “for youth”, a song dedicated to ARMY thanking them for their undying support and also, in a way, it being a testament to how far we have come as fans and artists.. yeah that was a good creative choice if I’ve ever seen one.Yet to come is a beautiful rendition to all the hard wok BTS has put over the years and to their unwavering love for their craft. You cannot make it this far if you don’t love what you do. Run bts is absolutely my new favorite song. simple as that. And as for all their other tracks, starting from the very beginning to their most recent ones, I can only say bts discography is absolutely amazing and versatile and I’ll probably never get tired of it. Thank you BTS for this beautiful and nostalgic album and for all your hard work. It really paid off.
This is a great album to close a huge chapter of one of the greatest artist of all time BTS. This way bts introduces themselves to a new crowd, and proves why they have such a huge influence over people of all ages. Its there sincerity and vision which they express through their catchy tunes and meaningful lyrics t that bring people from different corners of the world together to appreciate their artistry.
amei ele!! elevou minha vida e espiritualidade nem nível superior. recomendo demais
this is sooo good! just like everything these guys do, they put their souls on it and its so good to hear, i really understand why they're so big! congratulations BTS
An amazing love letter to ARMYs everywhere. For newer ARMY it's a great way to become familiar with their 9 year stories career and for older ARMY it's a way to relive those special moments each song evokes.
I have been a fan since 2018. This album is a walk down memory lane. Additionally, we had demos showing how Bangtan music was put together.
I love this album!!! Their songs are beautiful and each one represents a part of BTS history. It's nostalgic and cool at the same time.
Another impeccable work, as always BTS does not disappoint!!! Don't miss the opportunity to enjoy!!!
incrivel!! somente isso que tenho a dizer, esse album e todas as músicas dele dão vontade de viver
This album fully summarized the 9 years these boys have spent together It good seeing them actually promising more in the future Let's keep running because the best is coming with BTS
great anthology album the best songs of past eras bts really is a great artist with really out of this world talent
the best of BTS's discography with 3 great added new tracks!
Great way to end a chapter in their journey. This album contains all their hardwork from debut days.
this is just the way to show that bts is more than dynamite and butter, the are the best group and it shows
great album it really sums up bts music journey so proud of them and very excited for their second chapter
really catches the essence of bts! if you listen from start to finish, you get to listen to a very beautiful and unique story! love it!
BTS PAVED THE MFKN WAY!! NO DISCUSSION! I'm getting mine on Monday and will be sleeping with it in my arms for the next few weeks. I love it sm
This album is great entry point for people who are interested in learning about BTS, but intimidated by their huge discography. They give you a retrospective of their career, some great new songs, and some “behind the scenes” stuff to give you an idea who they are. It’s also the latest in a long line of love letters to their fans, who cherish everything as a gift from the heart.
Yet to come, Run BTS and For youth, these are literally masterpieces. You can't just move on from them. They showed us that no matter how was your past, your best, your beautiful moment is yet to come regardless of gender and races. Never loose hope.This album summerize their 9 years and also they show no matter when you become an ARMY, you are important to them. When did you join is not what you should focus on, rather how long will you be with them is more important.
This album tells the whole story of seven guys who have gone through blood, sweat and tears to achieve the success and accolades that they have now. The new album is full of songs they released early in their career, and hearing them again on the new album convinced me once again that they are natural born singers. They were created to beautify and save this world with the love and happiness they convey in their songs. Each new song was unique in its own way, one related to the story they have been embodying for years, another tells of their journey and the battles they overcame and the third is dedicated to those they truly love and thank for all their years of existence, the fans. This album, the whole story that once saved many lives and its sequel that will do the same in the future.
The anthology album contains some of their best work down these 9 years. Proof is literally a Proof of how they have transcended not just languages and culture, but genres. The 3 new songs along with 1 song that wasn't on platforms other than Youtube deserve a mention of their own. The title track, Yet to come perfectly sums up their career till now. That this has been just the first chapter of their music life, and the best is still not achieved. Run BTS is a personal favourite. The hiphop track tales me back to their debut era songs mostly, and talks about their struggles, and that they'll keep running through every problem they come across. For Youth is for their dedicated fanbase. It starts of with a tune only dedicated armys would understand and never fail to cry, it's just a very beautiful memory for us. Born Singer was earlier released one year into their career. Sampled from J. Cole's Born Sinner, this song is about their passion for music and wish to prove themselves. And they finally prove themselves, through proof.
The songs are the path that BTS has traveled, from its beginnings to what they are today. The lyrics, the melodies, the vocals and the rap in their songs demonstrate the excellent artists they are.
The best album no one could ever beat themAn album which is hard for any to crack They outdid themselves
Not that I would have changed a thing about my early, chaotic days introduced to BTS and becoming ARMY, but what I'd have given for an album just like this and get a small taste of the scope of what I was getting into! BTS are overwhelming in the best way and this anthology illustrates why. They're one of the more remarkably sincere, talented and diverse sounding groups I've ever been introduced to in my life and BTS Proof is a perfect sample of what they've been about in their 9 year career together.
stanning them since 2014 and they keep improving each comeback. Yet to come is such a masterpiece title track love the album very much.
This anthology album encompasses BTS’ journey in the industry so far—and from the looks of it, there is no stopping them. Starting off at with a track from 2013 entitled “Born Singer”, sampled from rapper J. Cole’s “Born Sinner”, is a fairly touching piece that captures what each of the members strive to achieve with their passion for music. To some people who have not looked into the “multi-genre supergroup”—a title well-deserved given they have experimented (and will continue to experiment) with different music genres—Bangtan Sonyeondan (방탄소년단) may just seem like a group of good-looking men who sing and dance, but nothing erases the fact that they are a group of not only vocalists and dancers, but also producers and songwriters—helping create much of their own output since the beginning of their careers. “Proof” solidifies that and lets us ponder upon how far can they go with their musical capabilities—as teased by the lyrics of “Yet to Come” (title track) and the instrumentals of new tracks such as “Run BTS” and “For Youth”—with “Run BTS” being a fusion of rock and (heavy) hip hop and “For Youth” being a product of mostly acoustic instruments—which is something refreshing in the “BTS genre”. “Proof” is “proof” is of their hard work and undying passion—and us people who are outside their circle can only imagine what they are working towards and what else they are capable of—fan or not. It certainly never hurts to look into the lyrics of their songs, too.
artistically it is one of the best anthology album ever. i love the placement of the songs so much and i loved hearing the reasons why the decided to pick these older songs to the album in the proof of inspiration series. i also just loved the three new tracks. yet to come that reminds us that the nostalgic past was some of the best moments in life but it doesn’t mean that the future doesn’t hold great things either. run bts is an homage to their hip hop roots that acknowledge the state of mind for bts now comparing to their past — how they have not changed, their essence have remained. and for youth got me very emotional, it was essentially a love letter to ARMY showing how grateful they are from them stick through for the nine years.
such a great album, beautiful visuals in the music video and amazing songs featured
This is one of the best albums it has so many special songs from earlier albums and singles and demo tracks for cd3 and of course how can we forget our 5 new special tracks yet to come,run bts,for youth,quotation mark,young love they are all really amazing the album is literally going out of stock at places it is an amazing creation I will never regret stanning BTS I am soo proud as an ARMY
there's no other anthology album like this, if you wanna meet this artist's past and present this is album is the best way, bts did wonders with the new songs and of course nothing compares to their old discography, just listen to it and love it like i do!
Excellent anthology album. Takes the listener on a journey of the South Korean septet’s extensive discography. The third CD is a nice surprise of demo cuts and unreleased gems that only true ARMY can appreciate. A fun and nostalgic ride for those just learning about BTS as well as for ARMY alumni.
IT'S THE BEST ALBUM!!....the songs ...the lyrics ...the rythem....the beatsYet to come - talks about their past so beautifullyRun bts - talks about their hardwork and how strong they are... it's a
Quel album! J'ai absolument adoré l'écouter. Ça m'a permit de revisiter les classiques de BTS. Vraiment, ils ont effectué un bon travail.
The anthology is fantastic and a great overview of their career whether you are ancient army, baby army or just now learning about BTS discography for the first time.FWIW, Run BTS watered my crops, cleared my skin, my depression and anxiety are gone and I'm hydrated to the max.
It’s literally so amazing I encourage everyone to go and listen the new songs are so good and heart touching and the old songs just bring me so close to them
It's good! Only songs great! I love so much! Is a album have so much confort and songs to you feel good and feel the love bts want to pass to their fans
Perfect anthology album to exist! It shows BTS' journey from their debut till date
PROOF is an amazing anthology album by BTS. They include their greatest hits from the past, showcasing their range, added a few new tracks, and even dedicate a whole CD of demos and other new songs to their fans, ARMY. This album sounds so personal with the new songs that are about the boys themselves but also about ARMY. I love it so much!
This is a wonderful retrospective album that should be shared with music lovers. If you’re familiar with an anthology and what the intent is, then add this album to your collection. Proof weaves a great chronological display of their work. BTS were underdogs in the industry and when their debut song was released, even they questioned if they belonged in the industry. So, I think its beautiful that they open up the anthology with Born Singer, right before No More Dream, their debut song. Born Singer, an old track they never previously released on albums, will provide the framework for you: This is BTS and they fought hard for their rightful place in the music industry. BTS fans know that fighting hard also means to simply love sharing music with the world. In fact, the majority of the tracks were written and co-written by BTS and showcase their feelings over 9 years. CD1 features their title tracks. CD2 features meaningful songs selected by each member. CD3 features demo or alternate versions of a few of their tracks. Some of the demos sound so different from the released version that one could almost think they are entirely new songs. New songs were included, written with their fans in mind - the BTS ARMY. It was even stated by BTS that their ARMY is “proof” of their success. So, Proof means two things here, right? The Proof album is proof of BTS’ talent and proof of their fans’ support. Highly recommend giving it a listen!
This album is so beautiful, I really love listening to their music eversince. Not only because of the sounds that it produce but also the meaning behind those lyrics
This Album really beautiful desain. Black with silver colors and Black with silver methalic colors, with elegant the on open the door. 2 different album, in size, in colors and different in the side. With 3 new songs, 1 song is not even realese but BTS show that in the concert and Army know that old song, and more than 20 old song too, because this Anthology Album. Because this album really for ARMY and for music lovers. Thank You
Este album es realmente precioso, el recordar todas las canciones de los ultimos 9 años es realmente significativo para mi, y las nuevas canciones ciertamente son toda una muestra de lo que ellos son , me encantó Yet to come, For Youth, Born Singer(que lo subieron despues de tanto)y Run BTS que es puro fuego
I think this is the best anthology album so far... The discography, the songs, the lyrics, the mv & the beautiful theme, the beautiful ending of a new chapter is so so ironically beautiful ....
Proof is made by bangtan's blood sweat and tears and even more, their memories over the 9 years their precious most beautiful moments plus the time they've spent with us all are in that album, even non army's will fall in love with the songs as an army i have always found myself mesmerized by bangtan's creation and this is another proof why i love BTS soo much why their songs helps us so much they love us too much i might tear up now. I worship proof btw.
SO FVKING BEAUTIFUL also run bts got me moaning what did they put in that song
RUN BULLETPROOF RUN YEAH YOU GOTTA RUN
From the demo versions of songs we asked for, to a sincere letter*(*for youth) to our friendship and to being a constant support for each other, this album really feels like a gift for army.
What an absolute banger of an album. It shows how diverse BTS musicality can be, as there is a song for every taste if you can leave your prejudice. They have been such a positive influence in the lives of many, and this is precisely why people join their journey as a group.
BTS never dissapoint, i really love this album!!! Their new song Yet To Come is so good. Run BTS is so catchy and i really love it!
What an incredible anthology album highlighting some of their work in their extensive discography. Yet to Come is nostalgic and hopeful, Run BTS makes you want to dance, and For Youth is like a love letter to the fans who have supported them. Although I could say so much about the first 2 CDs, the 3rd is truly a gift for people who love their music and are interested in the process that goes into it. What an amazing album, thank you to BTS.
Proof is just a masterpiece!! Love it
This gorgeous anthology is three discs of pure auditory pleasure. What a magical journey through the first 9 years of the musical & lyrical genius that is BTS. Absolutely stunning.
this album is amazing, the lyrics and the instruments in the musics are incredible. this make me feel happy and the life has been so boring without the musics of this album
BTS Proof feels like a summary of the group's journey for the past 9 years. It takes the listener in a musical journey which includes their debut song, other prolific works and 4 new tracks. For youth, the song dedicated to their beloved fandom, ARMY closes out the album with the promise that the the group will remain forever in their lives and will start a new chapter of their musical lives
This was my first official album comeback, as I entered the fandom back in march 2021. Honestly one of the first things I did was listen to their entire discography, and let me tell you how impressed I was. This album gave me a chance to live their earlier eras, and the journey has been wonderful so far. Production and lyrics wise, I don't even have the words to describe how amazing not only this album, but all of their work in general is. They honestly never disappoint.
The B side Run BTS is so good,you can tell they wanted to pick demos to show the true process of being an artist that contributes in all aspects of their music
Proof is really the best gift BTS could give to ARMY and to the music world as well, since it put together the hole BTS journey, they hearts and souls, they love for music and for the fans. This album is the key for those who don't know BTS work for doing it, and also an opportunity for those who already known them to remember they great work and talent. BTS yesterday, now and forever!
This album brings all the amazing work of BTS, new songs as well as old ones show us that dedication to creating a bond between fans and members comes from the love of loving music.
A masterpiece anthology reflecting on the past 9 years of BTS’ career, Proof is an impressive showcase of the members’ diversity and musical talents. People recently being introduced to this group will find displays ranging from rap (see “Cypher 3: Killer” and “Born Singer”), to pop (“Boy With Luv feat. Halsey” and “Fake Love”), to downright sexy arrangements (member Jimin’s “Filter” solo and the new hip-hop song “Run BTS”). The album contains 3 CDs covering hit singles, tracks personally chosen by the members, unreleased demos, and a new song dedicated fully to their to their beloved and cherished fans (“For Youth”). Not many bands in history have an artistic catalogue like this and, at the height of their career, they are proving that the best truly is “Yet To Come.”
The album is so beautiful, so great, and nostalgic. That reminds me in the past of BTS song and MV’s, is such a masterpiece. A history of 9 years to celebrate a BTS Anniversary, this album ends the 1st chapter and welcoming us with the next 2nd and 3rd chapter. They have so many beautiful song, great music, and spread happiness that brings meaningful and memories for us.
incrivel como o bts gosta muito de mesclar os generos, este album passa tantas emoções boas, eu fico realmente tocada quando ouço.
This is an absolute masterpiece of 10 years of hard work for 7 young men. It is their blood sweat and tears. It's them wrapping up the first chapter of their youth. I can't wait to see what happens in the future while listening to the encapsulated past.
PROOF is the best album! I really loved it, BTS know how to make good songs!! Perfect
Every single new track is so unique, their range is truly mindblowing. I don't know how BTS keep levelling up with every single release but they do, they really do. And this time they're actually admitting that their best is yet to come. This anthology is great for newer fans and casual listeners to understand their whole story and journey as artists and will make many appreciate thwir artistry.
This album is amazing, as much as it contains songs that have been released before, it made many people listen to their life story. Perfect
Uma maravilhosa antologia que traz os sucessos do grupo, pra quem já conhece é como um baú de tesouros e pra aqueles que irão conhecer pela primeira vez é só uma parcela das músicas de qualidade desse grupo. Sem falar na qualidade do produto. Perfeito.
Best album ever! They did an incredible work with this album. It has the whole BTS vibe in every single track! For new people, this is a good choice to start the whole BTS journey! You can taste every single vibe that the group owns!
o álbum está impecável, nostálgico para os fãs e representa tudo que o bts é. simplesmente perfeito.
a beautiful love letter to their 9 year story as a group, their stories as individuals and their fanbase ARMY.
The album is on FIRE!!! Definitely a NO SKIP album. Congrats BTS for being the only group who makes good music!
BTS once again PROOF that their music is worth to listen to. The title track is very easy listening, comforting, honest, and addicting at the same time, I can't stop listening to it. The message in the song is loud and clear: there is NO NEXT BTS! Cause if you think their peak moment is over, you're wrong. This is just their beginning, and their BEST moment is YET TO COME. It's fun to listen to their old music too, cause it brings so much memories and feelings. Another song called RUN BTS is also LIT
Incrível como o bts não faz músicas ruins
Excellent Album from start to finish. For people who are new to BTS this Anthology Album is perfect to get a glimpse of their music through the years.For ARMYs CD 3 is especially a little treasure. If you want to listen to CD 3 go and buy yourself a physical album because it isn't available online.
Es el final de una hermosa etapa pero también se abren las puertas de un nuevo capítulo este álbum es el recorrido de sus emociones, historias, y dificultades que BTS tuvo que pasar a lo largo de su carrera
desde 2013 lançando os melhores álbuns do mundo. eles são muito talentosos e surreais. lendas
Absolutely love it. Wasn't a fan of theirs because I held a lot of prejudice against them but, when I finally decided to give them a chance I was surprised. They're crazy talented musicians. This anthology album is like a love letter to themselves & their fans, it's beautiful. It's hopeful, inspiring and raw. Makes you feel appreciated & excited for what comes next.
Great mix of different music styles. Funky beats, hardhitting raps and mellow sounds. This album has got it all. A perfect timelapse of an iconic group.
Masterpiece Album. Every single new track is so unique, their range is truly mindblowing. I don't know how BTS keep levelling up with every single release but they do, they really do. And this time they're actually admitting that their best is yet to come. This anthology is great for newer fans and casual listeners to understand their whole story and journey as artists and will make many appreciate thwir artistry.
The album is so good, they show their journey as musicians since debut until now, is significant to the fans. The lyrics are incredible and some of them are hard to understand because they play with the Korean language, but at least the fandom has good translators.
A great collection of their most popular and career-defining title tracks and 5 new songs that touch different genres. My favourite is Run BTS!
My first comeback and it was everything I wanted. The three new songs are amazing and the rest on the first two albums are great filled with most of bts best songs. CD 3 is so fun to have as an army I love getting to hear the demos of the songs
They never stop to surprise me with their albums, you will never see bts stuck in a concept, they are always changing, evolving and trying different things, it is very emotional to see their growth through all of these songs, from the debut till now, almost 9 years later. The 3 new songs are amazing. For youth brings tears to my eyes, bts is a group that loves their fans, their army genuinely, and you can feel that, you can fell the passion and I am so grateful to stan and love a group that cares so much. Run bts is such a bop, I feel like dancing whenever it starts, all of it is so addictive and some parts live rent free in my mind. And Yet to come, It callms my heart and makes me want to cry, because I can't wait to see what is yet to come, between the 3 I'd say yet to come is my favorite, All of the songs in this album tell a story, and I can't wait to see the next chapter.To sum it up, I cried a lot, and yet I loved every bit of it.
Proof is exactly what it purports to be: The range of tracks is evidence of 9 years of musical creativity and multi-genre growth. One for the archives. A triumph, a treasure trove for both loyal fans of this group, and the curious music lover who has yet to acquaint themselves with the phenomenon that is BTS. The 3 new tracks are intimate songs that do not pander to general tastes. In particular, RUN BTS is their inimitable sound, their authentic voice. Irresistible.
Loved run bts and quotation mark loved everything about this album even tho most of it were old songs I still had fun listening to them I listen to them almost everyday anyways bc you can't really get bored of listening to bts. looking forward to their new chapter
To be honest I'm not telling the album is good cause I'm an army but the truth is the album is absolutely magnificent it was a gift for armys and we really appreciate it. Even my non army friends are now fans of BTS...If you don't like the album that's fine but dont put false rating just because you are an anti. Have a nice day.
This album is vera beautiful , BTS is simply amazing, they did a very beautiful job, thank you so much for this album I will tive it all my love and I’m just amazed by the new songs.
Álbum te arrepia dos pés a cabeça, tem música pra tudo e todos os gostos!!
What a great album it is! I love this Anthology album
This album is truly amazing and emotional. This album shows how far they have come and still have more to come. Purple you bangtan and ARMYs!!
The BEST is definitely YET TO COME. These 7 beautiful men created another masterpiece. It’s PURE GOLD. I am proud of their versatility. They can sing all music genres and people would still support it. Listen to this album and you won’t regret it!!!
Perfeito!! Muito orgulho dos meus meninos como sempre arrasaram!! São artistas excepcionais e nunca decepcionam
All the songs in the album were incredible. The growth individually and as group is very evident with all their music from the past years until today.
This album exactly what you would have expected from BTS Anthology album. Starts with the precious to heart Born Singer and gives us a ride through all BTS title tracks from the debut till now. Then you dive into solo and unit songs picked by BTS members to reflect on their 9 years work, improvements and growth. Run BTS tracks starts 2CD and it's a great throw back to old school BTS. Finally 3rd CD contains demos and recordings precious to fans to show how much work actually is put onto every song. The album ends with beautiful For youth as a promise to fans to be here with them for the rest of our lives. Absolutely loved it. Great closure for the chapter. Can't wait to see what comes next. The best is yet to come.
I really loved this album !!! I enjoyed them adding old songs with new songs. The TT is my favorite.
I like this new BTS album so much.... especially the Yet to come and Run BTS can't stop listening/streaming these songs.
"Proof" shows BTS story in a incredible and fantastic way. The album is very touching, specially for Army's!
This is definitely the best album , like a collection of literally the best ever songs
Amazing album, a tour of all their nine years as a group, the new songs are crazy good, waiting for more because the best moment is yet to come :)
This one of the best albums of this year! Their work, as always, was amazing and the mix of the demos with older songs and the new releases makes you feel nostalgic immediately! Honestly, I absolutely love this album!
Genuinely a great album that covers and summarizes all previous BTS eras and genres over their 9 year career as well as portray their passion for music and gratefulness to their fans through the new 3 tracks. Not disappointed at all!
Is a completely beautiful and such an excellent album. Being able to listen to some of their greatest songs it's already great, but the order they have in the album, tell a story. Their story. Seeing how much they have grown is just beautiful and this is the Proof.
Just... so SO good, especially "RUN BTS", this album overall makes me so happy, I'm so glad I brought the album!!
i love this album so much, it's such a perfect album, i have no words, it's such a good album with so many good songs
I've been a BTS fan since 2016. The first comeback I got to see was "You never walk alone". After 5 years, watching the Yet to Come music video makes me feel like traveling in time to when I was searching for their names on Google.We, as an army, have been seeing BTS going through hardships and accomplishments, dreams and hopes. It's so good to see where they are now and feel like we are an important part of it, and BTS made sure that we felt that with this album.Even if you're not a fan, this surely is a great opportunity to get to know their work and understand what made them one of the biggest music acts in the world nowadays. Stream PROOF, guys! Fighting!
Este es el mejor álbum de antología que eh podido disfrutar muy agradecida de mis chicos por esta obra de arte
Amazing anthology album. A lot of songs are previously released from their discography since 2013, but the four new songs all stand out in each way. Born Singer’s been on SoundCloud for a decade so it isn’t really new, but getting to hear it on this album was pretty nice; Yet to Come is a nostalgic title track that has a message we all need to hear nowadays, especially past our 20s; Run BTS was a bit faster paced but fun and still gave you time to process it; For Youth was the perfect ending to the album, slow and relatively minimalistic. And as per usual for BTS, they were all arranged in a way that made them pleasing to the ears and not overwhelming - and as a ND person who often struggles with too much going on in things including music, this was a huge deal. The real highlight is the 3rd CD with a lot of demo versions of songs, some behind the scenes stuff going on and tracks that didn’t have an official release - this one’s not available online so you need the CD to hear them. It really shows their process, how they write and produce (yes, THEY’RE the ones who write and produce their songs, Wikipedia always told you for free for years but this is cold hard evidence) their music and how much passion and thought is always put into the final product. It truly does live up to its name of being a “Proof”, a proof that BTS are active artists, they’ve been active since 2013 and will be in the future.
This anthology album is more than 10 actually both physical appearance and its content/inclusion. The details of the album is so perfect, the inclusion is so pretty as well. This album is PERFECT.
I love this album so much, it makes me think of how far BTS has come. They have achieved so much since debut and I'm so proud of them. Proof is their biggest album yet!!!
Words can’t describe how happy I was when this album came out. Using their old songs for this album brought back nostalgia and it made me so happy
Shows that BTS has variety when it comes to music which is kinda hard in the kpop scene
This anthology proves the versatility and immense talent of this group of seven young men. BTS have amassed a large, varied, and meaningful discography that this anthology represents but only scratches the surface. The three new songs are three more examples that underscore the fact that BTS not just attempts but excels in any music genre. They have closed chapter 1 beautifully. I can’t wait for the next chapter and will listen to “Proof” on repeat until then.
THIS IS A MASTERPIECE!!BTS PAVED THE WAY! THEY ARE LEGENDS! Talk to the wall..end of discussion!
BTS PROOF is an anthology album that manages to show completely BTS growth as an artist. It takes the listener through their 9 year journey. Yet to come expresses beautifuly how they have a lot more to show in the future. Run BTS shows their power as singers who don't care for negative opinions and For youth is another perfect way for them to show how much they love their ARMY. BTS PROOF is a masterpiece and a true gift not only to their fans but to the whole music industry
This album has so many great songs from different eras from. 2013 up till 2022, a chance for ARMY no matter what year the became ones, to feel the excitement of the journey
This album contains the story, message, and relationships of the journey of the band BTS throughout their 9 years career as artists who aimed at healing and the progress and growth within that journey standing along with their fans (Army), together they created a brotherhood and a family which continues to expand to different people of different backgrounds, age and nationality’s speaking and spreading the message of hope, dreams, self love, and other issues often neglected like xenophobia, depression, bullying, child abuse, discrimination etc through music.. it’s a combination of a piece of their albums since debut till date… so if listen to, you would feel the growth surging each album as the grow as artist, individuals and a group
The Best album. It showcase their discovery And their organic growth. I love it. All songs are bop. I can’t help listening to RUN BTS. I am on loop. Thank you BTS for Good Music
this is the most heartfelt album it’s shows their progress and how much more they can do it is so beautiful and meaningful and represents the everlasting love for army
'Proof' is a masterpiece. It is the best album to know BTS's history and to get immersed in their amazing discography. I'm truly honoured to keep up with their work for 5 years and never getting tired of listening to each album. The work that the members put on every single track, beat and lyrics is tangible. This BTS's anthology is pure effort and hard work, combined with lots os love and gratitude. I can't wait for what is Yet To Come!
The album makes me feel so emotional even if i have only been army for almost 2 years. The best is truly yet to come!!!
This is an anthology album and if you're a new fan or want to get to know about BTS, then definitely give it a listen. It has a wide variety of songs from different genres and extraordinary lyrics. It is kind of like a collection of letters written by them to their fans and tells us about their thoughts, struggles and emotions throughout the last 9 years and which many of us will definitely relate to.
Um álbum maravilhoso!!! Que relembra toda a história do maior grupo musical da atualidade!!!Ainda com músicas novas incríveis
I just wanna tell that "PROOF" is the best album, Please listen and enjoy! "Run BTS" is amazing!
It is a very heartfelt album which represents BTS very well. It has some emotional and sentimental songs which hold value to both the group and their fans along with some energy filled songs. It is a rollercoaster of an album
Love it ❤️ I really like the song and album, my favorite song is run Bts but I love all of the songs
Não é pra qualquer um fazer um álbum antológico, tem que ter material e isso, o BTS tem de sobra. Uma discografia incrível distribuída no Proof, com mais três músicas inéditas e mais duas no CD3, que é exclusivo do ARMY.O álbum antológico, foi uma boa jogada para fazer com que o público novo conheça as fases do grupo, suas eras marcantes e músicas excepcionais. O passado contrastando com o presente.Yet To Come tem uma melodia incrível e é carregada por um sentimento de nostalgia, perfeita pra caminhar e/ou fazer coisas triviais do dia a dia.Run BTS trás todo o lado agressivo do BTS (já é a favorita do ARMY), uma música poderosa e com uma batida marcante, o ARMY está ansioso por uma performance.E For Youth, é aquela música que te faz chorar rios de lágrimas. Nós primeiros segundos você já fica com os olhos molhados (quem é ARMY, entenderá) e o desenrolar da música é pra fazer com que essas lágrimas saiam por aí, livres. Nas três músicas o BTS demonstra o seu carinho, amor, dedicação e respeito aos ARMY's, seus fãs, pois sem eles, não teriam chegado onde estão hoje.
Proof is full of masterpieces, some of BTS’ best work compiled with hits from their beginning to their most recent work. The album takes you through the journey of where BTS began to right now, in the present, and how they came to be. In a way, they were able to tell their story through each song. They’ve just closed the first chapter, but the best is Yet To Come.
album of the year , best thing that has ever happened to meBest quality and amazing songs
Proof album shows their grasp in different genres. Their songwriting and producing capabilities are what makes them extra special. 9 years down and they continue to amaze people with their artistry in music. They are real and amazing musicians whether you like them or not.
Proof is the Album of the year! Go stream YET TO COME, RUN BTS, and other tracks toooo Go
Perfeito, faz você chorar, rir, ter um mix de emoções e quanto mais você ouve melhor fica.
This album is such a great journey through BTS' music so far and it's clear that this album represents their admiration for their fans.
muito bom o álbum, as músicas são incríveis tanto as antigas como as novastem um flow que te contagia e te faz chorar ao mesmo tempo eu recomendo a todos esse álbum principalmente se você quer música boa e de qualidade
one of the best groups with decent music out there. their discography is insane. just like everyone expected, they delivered this time round with their anthology album Proof. Personally loved the track Run BTS where they look back and proceeds to run towards the next chapter all with a captivating beat and raps
All the prior hits you love with three new tracks that exemplify the strengths of the group: a self-reflective yet hopeful track striving for the future, a hip-hop track that hypes without dissing anyone, and a third track to thank the fans and make them feel special and cared for after all this time. If you purchase the physical album you also get never-before heard demos of their songs that had my jaw on the floor. Demos where you can understand their musical process better; you can almost hear them working the clay of it in real-time. I can't recommend listening highly enough. Perfect if you're just looking to get started & perfect if you want to revisit your favorites.
I Just fell in love with this Album. If you are trully a fan you will definately understand their message
Stunning! to have such a strong body of work and create this masterpiece of an anthology album is truly commendable. Excited for whats to come
THE VERY PERFECTION OF THIS ALBUM
It's so good it makes me feel so happy and honestly I'm so proud of how far they've come it makes me emotional. I bought both versions let me say album packaging 10/10 bro
Esse álbum nos dá um pouco de cada era do BTS nos faz refletir sua história, e a evolução de sua música e mensagem. É impressionante como apesar do tempo e dos diferentes gêneros, diversidade musical e estilos que exploraram em um grupo de sete pessoas diversas e multi talentosas eles conseguiram criar uma identidade que é só deles desde os primeiros anos, e isso só foi se refinando a medida que amadureceram. As músicas novas são tão boas, e tão representativas desse álbum. A title Yet to come nós faz lembrar músicas como Spring Day, Cristal Snow, dentre outras que pegam fundo na gente, ao mesmo tempo, sua letra reflete sobre os anos passados e promete que esse é apenas o começo, há ainda muito mais que o BTS quer mostrar. Run BTS, é uma banger da maneira que só o BTS entrega, com vibrações de We are bulletproof, Mic Drop e Boyz with fun, é uma música divertida que nos deixa ansiosos por uma coreografia poderosa, For Youth é uma música para o os fãs e isso quando se fala em BTS é um gênero a parte, com representantes como 2!3!, We Are Bulletproof: The Eternal e outras mais, ela ecoa o amor recíproco e poderoso de BTS e Army, essa ainda é a porta voz de um cd extra do álbum apenas disponível no físico que conta com demos e músicas descartadas, algo que só um army teria intimidade suficiente pra entender suas escolhas e mensagens, e histórias contadas.
I'm from Bangladesh
Un gran álbum de Antología, con tres canciones inéditas que dan toda la vibra de la vieja escuela de BTS. También tiene a Born Singer que es una canción que anteriormente estaba en la plataforma de Soundcloud, la cuál es la canción de inicio, una gran joya.
This album feel like bts thanking the ARMY. Sometimes it make me cry when hear it. What an amazing album.
This album definitely shows bts' diverse discography. Each members of the group chose the tracks they should put inside their anthology album whichs shows their differences in musical taste and their own uniqueness. It also shows thier own stories as most of the members helps with the production and the writing of their own masterpiece. I grew up with these songs for my past 6 years and each and every songs holds meaningful memories as I come across it. It is definitely a "no skip" album and even people who is really not a fan would enjoy this.
esse álbum é um dos melhores que já escutei em toda a minha vidaadoro as músicas do proof e ele é esplêndido de lindo
Amazing album that tells the story of the boys, i'm very proud, the best is to come.
The journey through this album is one of hope, trust and growing pains. BTS shares all their passion for music and their fans in this wonderfully curated track list. There is something for everyone. This chapter of BTS will be a classic for years and years to come.
It has been nine years ince they started their journey and this album is a good summary of their career. They have a very diverse discography.
BTS’s amazing discography summed up in one album. 9 years of amazing music exploring every genre possible. Amazing pick of songs for the biggest group in the world right now.
This is an incredible look at their journey over the last 9 years. And the 3 new songs are the perfect way to close one chapter and look forward to the next. BTS truly never disappoints.
this anthology album marked bts 9th years of journey and is already become my all time favourite album. the songs in the album contained their 13 unreleased songs that are made available only for army in CD 3. also the songs are picked by bts themselves that makes it more special. i have been an army since 2014 and they never disappoint me with every album they release to this date. still remember how i fell in love with them through their song "just one day" and the album skool luv affair. btw happy 9th years anniversary bts and army!
Proof, e um álbum de lembranças, principalmente yet to come, bts expressa bem com o álbum, ele é tão gostoso de escutar e muito bom
I am a baby Army and I love this album. I am so excited to witness the release of this album.. can’t get over the songs!!
the album is amazing all the songs are different each one gives a different vibe
A visit through their discography! Great for new listeners who aren't familiar with older songs. For established fans, a trip down memory lane. A few new surprises. Couldn't be any happier with this Anthology album!!
bts nunca erra né meus amores, mas com toda certeza nesse eles acertaram pra caceta
This is actually a really good album! The album includes their old songs up to the present. There's also 3 new amazing songs that were included! You'll get to know their history and growth through their music. I love this Proof album!
This album tells about all the BTS history. A wonderful travel through the years!
This album encapsulated so well the journey of BTS! Of course it's only a snippet of an immense and amazing discography they have. An anthology album is not for every artist, only the ones who know well their art and made history can do this kind of work. BTS lyricism is unique and beyond this, they as person is what make them have such passionate fans. Listen to the whole album without pause and enjoy the experience because it's amazing!
Perfect album to mark the ending of the first chapter.Yet to come is a cool song and the mv is filled with past referencesAnd RUN BTS is the best bside ever. It is so powerful. Gives the vibe of 2013 BTS
This Anthology album contains BTS most beautiful songs. Тhis is an album that shows the exceptional talent of the band members, their boundless devotion to music, and their love for the fans.
Magnifique album qui vous emporte c’est THE album a avoir il retrace toute l’histoire de bangtan avec les titre phare et en plus on a même droit a un cd spécial pour les army qui contient plusieurs demo et version studio c’est vraiment le plus beau cadeau a faire a une army
This album reflects their musical growth. We can appreciate the different stages of his musical career through this album.
The album itself is masterpiece. The fact that it contains music from past 9 years of bts career and yet there is no song to skip the relevancy of the songs even after 9 years with the present situations is something very about this album. I love all the songs and I would highly recommend anyone to give a listen to this album and I would say anyone would instantly fell in love with this. Love you bangtan
Contaron su historia entre melodías, los que la vivimos junto a ellos se nos vendrá miles de momentos a la mente, no solo de BTS, si no de como su música nos fue acompañando en nuestra propia historia. Las personas que recién entran a su universo con este álbum podrán vivir la experiencia, el crecimiento a gran escala en solo 3 horas, tienen la oportunidad de prepararse para su próximo capítulo.
O álbum é incrível, BTS Proof, perfect, um trabalho maravilhoso, cheio de história e emoção.
Its just an amazong anthology album, with few new songs and the demos of their songs. I love it.
really a wonderful album, very emotional, run bts makes me dance madly, you to come is the song that brings me nostalgia that all the effort was worth it, may many more amazing albums like this come
Just incredible and unique. Really loved how they compiled everything and delivered that the best is still yet to come. Thank You dear friend P for introducing me to this masterpiece.
Such a good album, i love listening to it. Best anthology album i've ever heard, congratulations BTS!
Me encanta este álbum, cuenta con una gran variedad de canciones que hablan de manera asombrosa sobre el largo trayecto de BTS y su evolución musical
this album is so amazing and beautiful, bts really really knows how to make a good and pretty songs, this guys are everything for me and for millions of aRMys
This anthology album is absolutely amazing, from being able to listen to well loved tracks that the members have handpicked, to the demos that give us as fans a peek into their creative process, and finally to the new songs included, it is an all encompassing masterpiece!
This is the best Album or we can say Anthology as of now. They described the 9 years journey so beautifully. BTS is the Best.
Honestly, Proof album took me back to 2017 and 2018, all the memories came back rushing. And the lyrics of Yet to come is so beautiful. The melody, lyrics, background music, instruments everything is so so amazing. Stream!!!
The album was amazing! The title track Yet To Come gave a really nostalgic and comforting feeling kind of reminding me of Spring Day and Life Goes On. The other new tracks Run BTS and For Youth are also very nice to listen to. Run BTS is very energetic, and For Youth is a very special and emotional song for ARMYs. The tracks on CD3 which consists of Demo Ver. Of their songs and also the tracks Young Love and Question Mark which was uploaded on the channel BANGTANTV so you can listen to it aswell, although it was only meant to be for the physical album. So I rate this album a 10/10! Give a listen to the tracks Yet to Come, Run BTS, and For Youth on Youtube and Spotify if you have time and only if you want to!I assure you, you'll love it!
É simplesmente perfeito e sensacional. É um álbum que conecta a todos, não importa se não conhecem o BTS, eles vão amar!!!
This Proof album is my first album because I just became a BTS fan last year. I really like it because I can see their struggle from the beginning of their debut to the success they are today. salute their struggle. and I understand why they are so loved and they deserve it.
This Album is a beautiful Anthology, that gives you an amazingly in-depth look at BTS, how they started, how much they have grown, and also how they are still working hard to better themselves, their lyrics have given hope to many, their lyrics are soulful and beautiful, their unique yet different rhythms will get you crying, laughing, smiling, and dancing, all you have to do is open your mind and heart to them, and you won't regret it.
Locals may not understand it, but this album is so dear for me. I've been with them for almost half of their career and it makes me emotional to see their progress. Being able to say oh I was there when they first released this song, and this song in one album just makes me happy. I was planning to get 2 VERSIONS (not 4 babes), but I am broke so I got the Standard version only. Planning to get the compact version asap tho. Can't wait to finally hold it and finally able to listen to cd3 which is also one of the highlight of PROOF.
THE BEST ALBUM IN LIFE! let me say that this album is everything to me! just heal me where it hurts! thank you bts for this masterpiece
I really wish I can understand Korean because then I would be able to fully absorb the genius-ity of the lyrics of all Bangtan discography TT-TTBut more importantly, despite not understanding the language, I am able and thoroughly enjoyed their entire discography. I can 100% assure you that you'll find something you'll love from their discography. That's how diverse and *chef's kiss* their discography is ;-)
The most honest album i have ever listened to. BTS ending their first chapter with this anthology album is a bitter sweet ending for all of the fans around the world who stuck by BTS side during this period of time. It’s also an incredible opportunity for people who never listened to BTS and their projects to get a glimpse into BTS incredible work.
The real proof of the Band's nine years of hardwork is here in this Anthology album. A true masterpiece with behind the scene demos and mix of old hits and new melodies.
I love this album.felt nostalgic.Born singer I just love love
If you have taste in good music then you definitely will align with Proof. It’s not only an album but a musical journey of 7 most amazing talented human beings. If you listen to it without a biased mind then you’ll realize just how awesome it is. Love it totally!!!❤️
Perfect summary of BTS’ discography so far, with excellent additional new tracks to add to their already stellar discography. An album that is unapologetically BTS.
O MELHOR!! É incrível, perfeito, amei demais. BTS nunca ERRA, ZERO DEFEITO!!
Such a beautiful anthology! Really illustrates how BTS’s sound has changed throughout the years and how even now they’ve still retained key sounds that they used when they first debuted. A great way to get introduced to them!
I really liked this album. I’m not really a big fan of BTS, I’ve only heard a couple of songs, but Yet to come and Run BTS were very enjoyable. I recommend this album to anyone who likes K-pop.
Every song was so powerful. It contains their biggest hits, so it's a very emotional album. It has 3 new songs which are so different and honestly, amazing! I'm personally obsessed with yet to come. Their voices mix perfectly in this album, showing how much their styles can vary.
Historical 10 years of BTS career from Born Singer to The Most Beautiful Moment in ARMY Life.
I honestly feel like this album was amazing. It feels very well thought out and the songs that were chosen to be in it go really well together to make the whole thing an experience. The new songs are all great in their own ways and I bet they are really special for army who have supported BTS for a long time. Also, Born Singer is in this album, that in itself makes it so worth it but truly everything from the visuals, to the order of the songs, to the way the album is built is just amazing. Cannot wait for chapter 2!
Brs slayed so hard!!!!BTW stream YTC SONG OF THE YEARand Stream PROOF ALBUM OF THE YEAR
This album was filled with such amazing and positive songs that made me feel happy. It’s so beautiful and meaningful and honestly made my days 10x better just by listening to this album. 10/10
Incredible album, amazing songs! This guys are so specials! RUN BTS music is the essence of the group, it recalls the times of the first albums with the freshness of the experience that the 7 acquired. Yet to come is a beautiful song with well-explored vocals and what about For Youth? A tribute and interaction with the public who built the history of BTS with them. The idea of reassembling the trajectory and showing that the quality of the group goes far beyond a boyband is visionary. Congratulations, guys!
Love this album. BTS poured their whole heart in every song that you could just feel how far they have come as well as thanking their fandom for being part of every memory. It was truly a rollercoaster of emotions reliving songs that got them their first wins and boosted them to western achievements, and I as an ARMY felt so happy. Definitely waiting for what amazing things are yet to come for them. 10/10 will hear again.
The best album you possibly could hear this year. The song's will help you accept your past and love your present. HIGHLY SUGGESTED.
The album is a display of their art work through the years. It showcases how their music evolved through the years and promises even better music to come. Their three new songs is a snippet of the future and they show the love to their fans through this anthology album.
This is definitely the best album I've ever heard in my life. The BTS boys did an amazing job, as always!
My lovely BTS, it's been 9 years (plus if you add predebut) of amazing music. Never afraid of putting out something new and different always pushing the boundary. Always making good music with great production. I'm reminded of all the era's of music I was there for when I listen to this anthology album in order. I have been a fan of their music since 2014 and I got very emotional listening to their older songs. Reminding me of what I was going through at that moment in my life and also thinking about what they were going through. This is truly the most beautiful moment in life but the best is still yet to come. And I thank Bangtan for helping give me these beautiful moments in my life, their music has saved me.
the best album ever, let's continue supporte the boys we luv them and them love us
This is such a beautiful celebration of BTS and their nine years together. It takes you on a journey of their songs through these 9 years and shows you how their artistry has grown! This album closes out their first chapter and leads into the best that has Yet to Come!!
O BTS sempre faz um trabalho impecável, e ter a maioria das melhores músicas da carreira em um só álbum é algo que qualquer Army gostaria, principalmente conhecendo a trajetória da carreira da lenda que é o BTS! Obrigada BTS por nos trazer mais um trabalho maravilhoso e de sucesso mundial!
Proof is a journey from past to present of the group’s musical growth as well as their personal growth. Beginning with their youth/adolescence full of hope and gritting determination to break out and succeed in a tough, odds stacked against them, industry. Flowing into their twenties full of learning who exactly they are, understanding what it means to become individuals in a world fighting to make everyone the same. Closing with the end of their first chapter in life, anticipating the next chapter where they hint at being more themselves.We experience the change in music over almost a decade of time. Many songs are new experiences to the newer listeners and give a peak into the growth and experience the group has endured. It’s an amazing listen with so much variety in musical style/genre.Four of the songs on this album are new. “Born Singer” is years old but was not officially released until now, “Yet To Come”, “For Youth”, and “Run BTS” are new songs giving a closing of this chapter as well as a glimpse into what is to come.To begin the journey listen from start to finish to experience the growth of the group. Happy listening.Translations of their Korean lyrics are available online and are also included in the official music videos on YouTube, please check them out if you enjoy the songs. The translations give you a deeper understanding of who they are and their journey so far.
The album is wonderful, the musical quality is undeniable, in the lyrics you can feel exactly the feelings that he wanted to show, the melodies and arrangements capture our attention, everything was perfect
This album celebrates the sincere relationship BTS and ARMY has. But even if you are new or not an army, this album is a great introduction to their amazing discography. They are seriously the only artist where I have never used the skip button while listening to all their songs. All of their songs from their debut until now are crazy good. They are truly talented, genuine artists that's why we, the fans love them so much. Worth every penny. I love all of the new songs! And the 3rd CD that contains their demo versions of old songs is like discovering a pot of gold. This is an album I will cherish for always.
This album is so beautiful, showing the 9 year history if how BTS got to be the status that they are. I love that they had each member choose a solo song to show how the band is made up of 7 unique individuals with their own tastes and styles that ultimately come together to make a beautiful blend of music as a group. The new songs are amazing as well. Run BTS is a certified banger and the other two, Yet to Come and For Youth, make me cry in the most beautiful way :'). Congrats on this album BTS and happy 9 year anniversary!
It has varities of music to showcase. Very well choosen songs by BTS. The album sounds amazing. I recommend to all music lovers to listen to it! And for the ARMY its a gift. BTS /bighit done a great job.
simplemente me encanta el albúm, es un albúm que solo army puede entender y eso lo hace aun más especial.
Perfeito! Pra quem é fã, não existe a possibilidade de não gostar já que se trata de um álbum antológico, contendo as melhores músicas. As críticas ruins infelizmente sendo feitas por antis, o sucesso de fato incomoda.
This album is the best thing ever and if you are a new army it's like a good start you will definitely enjoy it
un album recopilatorio con mucha diversidad de géneros musicales, muy buenas letras y sobre todo con amor para sus fans
Proof was amazingly planned. Each member chose the solo and group songs they wanted their fans and also potential new listeners to enjoy, which makes the list of songs even more special. Incredible discography.
This is the proof that BTS has been doing great music since day 1. Even though I wasn’t an army back then, I know they worked so hard to be where they are right now. This is the proof that both BTS and Army will remain one
Loved everything about this album. Thank you, BTS for giving us gems after gems since 2013!
The anthology album is special because it shows the extent and intensity of BTS’ artistry since debut. Listening to the album from the start to finish, you are presented with a story of growth, of passion, of exploration, and of maturity, by the septet. Who are seven but move as one. You can’t help it to be impressed and understand why BTS is where they are today.
honestly one of my favourite albums! love the 3 new songs and the mix of songs from every era. it just proves that their music has a broad spectrum and it's very meaningful.
For new people looking into bts this album is an excellent start. It contains some of their career best tracks and hand picks from members this is in addition to their 3 new tracks Yet to Come, Run bts and For Youth. Run bts is just such a song that you can work out to. It also contains both Dynamite & Butter their billboard topping singles. For those looking to buy the physical album CD3 contains an insight to some of fan favourite tracks through demos not available on streaming platforms.
É perfeito, relembrar toda a história que seguimos e contruimos juntos até aqui e pensar q o melhor ainda ta por vir, BTS e Armys sempre deram seu melhor um pelo outro e continuaram assim para sempre. O momento mais bonito ainda ta por vir, mas nossahistóriaja é a mais bela de todas.
Este nuevo álbum es claramente una gran muestra de la trayectoria musical que ha tenido el grupo a lo largo de sus años de actividad hasta el momento, trayendo consigo una prueba de su gran capacidad de traerle al público una variedad de géneros musicales que pueden explotar su gran talento en todos los aspectos musicales posibles (desde composición y lírica hasta producción).Sin duda un excelente álbum surgido de ellos y su equipo para sus fans, que pueden apreciar por completo su arduo trabajo, y para el público general, quienes pueden explorar y ver la capacidad y talento de este increíble grupo.
Such a special anthology! I love the new songs included—Run BTS is my favorite of those. For CD 3, it was so special hearing the demos and knowing how the final versions evolved from them. Jin’s Epiphany demo sounded amazing! And then we also got Agust D’s Tony Montana ft Jimin—FINALLY, dreams do come true!!
Just amazing, I really like the travel between past and present I'll watching you
The album is so good. All the songs literally all of them are so good. Alot of reference to the precious past But it's so fresh and new. Thank you for the album
This is an anthology album and there's three new songs Yet To Come is such an intimate one and if you watch the M/V from youtube you'll probably be weirded out by the most random stuffs on the desert(the venue) since there are bus, trains, SUGA on a piano, etc. But this is more of an artist-fan connection. that's why most of their fans find this comeback very close to our hearts. The CD3—which contains several demos and one acapella version of Still With You— is only available on the physical album. One member did said, this comeback is for ARMYs and ARMYs only. All in all, the songs are heavenly with a touch of nostalgia. Lastly, Run BTS is a complete bop. STREAM PROOF
Proof is the amazing love that BTS shows for the past 10 years un music, and just army can feel the same emotion to this beautiful álbum, the best is yet to come.
This album does an amazing job chronicling the band’s discography and journey. The 3rd CD which is not available on streaming platforms (in exception to For Youth) filled with demos and unrealeased tracks is personal and vulnerable, which gives fans a glimpse of their creative process like never before. The new lead track Yet to Come touches fans with nostalgia- a perfect track to wrap up their first chapter of their music journey. I’m excited to see what is YET TO COME with this group.
This album gave me much much more than i had paid for. THE BEST. By the stream Run BTS.
The perfect anthology, retracing the boys journey to were they are now step by step. I especially loves the 3rd cd, hearing these demos was really special.
the most amazing album to have ever graced the universe's ears. the vocals are perfection and the rapping goes HARD. bts NEVER misses. jimin's high notes? ETHEREAL. jimin tells us how to pronounce gasoline in run bts because we have all been doing it wrong. jimin gasoline supremacy.
I love this album, pretty song with multitalent artist, best combo forever, masterpiece
Best album as usual. It's from BTS they make great music. I'm proud of their works and more to come from them.
Really amazing album, pretty deep meaning. Save 2022. I'm waiting for more music from this artist
the most iconic and biggest group of all time coming once again to PROVE that they earned that title with nothing but their hard work and talents
This is a very beautiful anthology album, contained their blood, sweat and tears. Look how far they have come to reach what their position these days
This album carry BTS career and songs and their success.. So this mean a lot for us. It has the greatest songs from 2013 till now that shows how much they've grown up as artist.
o maior álbum do ano, do século, o mais aclamado que temos. bts não apenou entregou mais um trabalho impecável como também mostrou diversas referências ao longo de toda sua carreira, um trabalho de ídolo para fã, mas que todos podem apreciar e curtir esse antológico e nostálgico álbum.
bts sempre inovando, esse álbum está extremamente incrível, eles merecem tudo de bom que o caminho deles continue brilhando sempre
Una hermosa antología, no solo recopila sus más grandes exitos, también recopila momentos valiosos que marcaron su carrera musical. Una manera única e inteligente de cerrar un largo capitulo para comenzar otro aún más exitoso.
The album is very good they are very talented,Run BTS e Trivia:Seesaw até my favorites
this album is so great it displays so many of the great works of bts and im glad i got to listen to it. you can tell they really put in a lot of effort into making it special for their fans. such a great listen!
ALBUM OF THE YEAR!— BTS Proof is a nostalgic ride to the past and a tribute to BTS artistic journey over 9 years. BESF ALBUM EVER!
esse album esta simplesmente increvel amo como ele mostra coisas do passado do bts a foi mt marcante para o army tanto para o bts simplesmente bts paved the way
It's just beautiful!!! Might wanna check out cd3 audio on bangtantv on YouTube it's nt on Spotify. The demos r so fun.RUN BTS is my love my lill 1yr baby keeps bopping to it
Proof compiles the 9 years journey of BTS in the music industry. All those ups and downs, all those hurdles that they faced and managed to overcome, this album is the living proof of that. The 4 new songs that they have released are all of different genres so that it can please fans around the world. This is not just an album. This speaks of their hard work, dedication, passion and love for music and their fans. I really enjoyed the whole album. It was like a roller coaster ride for me. It is definitely a 10 on 10.
Literally the best thing if you wanna dive into the band's discography as a whole.
Love this album so much! Especially their newest songs. Listening to this album makes me remember the time when i started stanning them. I’m glad that i found them. They helped me a lot. Their music helped me a lot.
The anthology brings back so many of BTS' best and most loved songs, with three new songs, offering both fire and sentimentality. CD 3, only released on CD, is worth the cost alone. If you're a fan, Proof reminds you again and again why you love their music. If you've never heard BTS before, or wonder what all the buzz is about, this is a fantastic place to start to see their range, their growth, and the reason why they are some of the greatest musicians of our time. You will not be disappointed.
LOVED LOVED LOVED IT !!!!!!!!
It is too good an album, all their tracks are original produced by them, all the details sound so good, they show various musical genres which makes this album the best of the year.
I really love this album. As a 2014 army All my favorite songs are on here. I also really love the new songs my favorite are run bts and yet to come.bts out did them self with this album it’s a masterpiece.
MUITO bom como sempre , bts nunca decepciona em nada. É só colocar alguma coisa na mao deles, e vocês veram a magia acontecer
This album is precious to me honestly a perfect song to describe their music journey, all the references to their old mvs, the message ,the vocals ,the music everything means the world to me, a perfect closure to their chapter 1,loved the album so much it has so much feeling and attachment to me, and for youth is literally a song for us
This album is so amazing.. I've heard all the songs and I love it.. so perfect..
I love how make us flashback, and I always love their music, because that make me feel better
A culmination of the first 9 years since they debuted, this album captures why BTS have become World Wide Superstars with a fandom so big, it has a fandom of its own called K-Poppies.
If you want a good music you can listen to this album and its tracks...it's the best music that I saw
In my honest view, this album is the best one out so far. BTS has been a trendsetter in this industry, and "Proof" is a real proof of how they are capable of timeless music.
loving this album, it's very special for BTS and their fans is amazing yeahh
their history and discography is so beautiful and inspiring, the 3 new songs all give different vibes but they're all perfect in their own way
It's amazing It's the best album I've enjoyed listening to this year and deserves all the love
An amazing BTS anthology album, filled with meaningful and banger songs, they have released since their debut 9 yrs ago. Not only do we get our favs from the past there are two new songs that I especially like. Yet To Come is a sentimental look back and a hope for the future and Run BTS which is a total banger. One of the many things I appreciate about BTS, they are not boxed in with one 'sound'If you're not ARMY but want to check the music over their career - THIS is the album to buy
this album is amazing. it contains very important eras for BTS' career. It contains both new songs and unreleased versions of old songs. in this album they show how perfect they are in everything they do.
The album is perfect, the voices are spectacular, the timbres are beautiful. The lyrics, the beats are amazing.
This album isn't named 'PROOF' for nothing. Every song that's in it proves why they are the biggest act in the world right now. BTS, they're living legends.
It's great, it inspires you a lot of emotions with the songs. a special and perfect album, there are no words to describe how it feels to hear it. Truly incredible and indescribable work, truly art. I'm lovin 'it.
This album encapsulates BTS's flawless discography, some of their best songs mashed up on one Album. Truly a beautiful album to their amazing journey!
The anthology album from the beginning to the end is lovely roller-coaster ride of wide range of emotions represented by one-of-a-kind type quality music. From the bass at the back to the faint voice that feels like love.
A 3 CD anthology filled with amazing songs! This is the first BTS album I have purchased and it definitely won't be my last. The packaging is gorgeous and it has so many extras inside. I had to borrow a CD player to listen to CD 3, but it was worth it. The Seesaw Demo is amazing. Tony Montana ft Jimin has pretty much been on loop since my album was delivered. Still With You Acapella and Jin's Epiphany Demo are so beautiful. Starting with Born Singer, it's a trip through time, revisiting the history of BTS. There was a lot of thought and love that went into making this anthology. The new songs are amazing, Yet to Come and For Youth are love letters to ARMY and Run BTS has me dancing around my house. I definitely recommend checking out this new album, it has brought me so much joy.
A beautiful album that takes you on the journey past 9 years of BTS music. Listening to the album from beginning to end allows you to understand not only their history but the love and sincerity they have for both the music and their fans.
An album that tells the beautiful story of 9 years. BTS has a diverse discography that catches ♡
Ame demasiaado este album, como toda su carrera esta plasmada en esta obra de arte es hermoso, las canciones nuevas son arte, como conecta con army, mi cancion favorita es definitivamente run bts tiene una energia y un poder increible,
Going through all their music, their journey from 2013 and their growth as artists have been incredible. This is a beautiful album and a salute to Bangtan. Yet To Come is a beautiful, soft track, but i am obsessed with Run BTS and J-Hope's DNA. I cant wait to see what the future holds for them
Beautiful album, soothing and healing. 10 out of 10 for being original and calming.
Proof is an amazing album! Every song has a powerful message, I really enjoy listening to the album. Bts did an incredible job, nobody like them! Congratulations guys
Proof es un álbum espectacular que sacaron los chicos para celebrar sus 9 años de trayectoria, dirigido especialmente para ARMY!!
An inspiring album created by the most inspiring artists of all time. BTS has proved (pun intended) yet again that nobody is doing it like them. From their title track, Yet To Come to the demos that are only available in CD, they have never failed to show their passion and love for music and their fans — ARMY. Yet To Come delivers a positive message that the “past may have been the best” but nothing will stop them for looking out for the future as the best next thing and that is something everybody should anticipate. Therefore, the best of BTS is yet to come. Overall, a great album that is so full of passion, artistry, hard-work, and success. Give it a listen and watch the music video on Youtube. It will open your eyes on what BTS is all about.
toda una historia de lucha, perseverancia y éxito, en un solo álbum, realmente es hermoso y muy significativo.
10/10 - The anthology album is a testament to their top tier discography and embodies their work trajectory throughout their 9 year career.
Me encanta este álbum, hay muchi variedad de géneros musicales y sobre todo tiene un recorrido exquisito de su discografia, contiene todo tipo de mensajes positivos y reflexivos, al igual que tocan temas sociales que deberían ser más escuchados por nuestra sociedad. Sus 3 nuevas canciones tienen el perfecto balance entre lo melancólico y la furia y lo emocionante. Estoy enamorada de este álbum, es el álbum más hermoso, completo y perfecto que he escuchado.
Es un álbum tan completo que sin duda vale la pena escucharlo Hay tantos estilos diferentes
I've been an army since 2015 and I absolutely loved this anthology album.Not many artists ever have the opportunity or the discography to release a anthology album and after 10 years bts have done that.It's the ending of chapter 1 and the beginning of the next chapter for bts and army. I cannot wait to see what they do next.They are some of the most hardworking, talented and humble people on this earth.
The best album i've ever heard. BTS the biggest artist in the world and their mucus is so beautiful.
These songs are healing, and they are timeless and they are home. This anthology was a necessary step on their incredible career.
This album is the PROOF on why BTS has a superior discography! No song is a bad song, this album is a NO SKIP album. The standard edition comes with many goodies, such as 3 photobooks, a lyric book, 8 PCs, a post card, a poster, and 3 CDs. The first CD has their title tracks which showcase their flexible style. The second CD highlights their individuality, while CD 3 is basically a love letter to ARMY. This album is a gift, and I can't wait to see where BTS goes next
One of the best albums ever. Love it to bits. Bts really nailed the ablum. Can't wait for the live performances of the new songs.
okay I've been a fan of BTS for 7 years now and for the first time in my life i was able to buy with my own money 'Proof', their latest album and wow. just wow. the best album ever, to be honest, for everything: concepts, composition, packaging, etc. about the prize, i think it's honest, it's an anthology album, so it's okay to cost that much + we ARMYs are able to choose smaller or bigger versions :)
Love this album so much. Also enjoying Festa this year. Still can’t believe it’s been 9 years for them. Hopefully many more years and amazing music to come. #Bangtan4Life
Very good album, very good songs. I love Yet to come and RUN BTS. I look forward to the arrival of my album.
It is a very versatile album, I love the songs, they have very important meanings. i love this album
This is my first comeback ever! This album is well-curated and filled with songs that make me go through emotional roller coaster! I recommend 10/10
Two words: A HIT. The fact that there are people trying to bring this album down by creating accounts and leaving troll comments proves one thing: everyone is scared of how big this band, BTS, has gotten and will continue to be. A anthology album hasn’t been this big of a smash hit The Beatles. The three new songs each hold different emotions that you can feel through the emotions of the vocalists, and the flow by the rappers. You will also get to hear the hits (chosen by BTS themselves) that made them so popular, and you will finally understand why BTS is the biggest group in the world. This album holds so much variety, vocal talent, rapping, instrumentals, and things I’ve never heard from any other band or group. They truly are unique, and I will continue to follow them on their journey if each album is as impactful and talented as this one.
The best from the best. This anthology album has beautifully captured BTS's journey of 9+ years. Do not sleep on this masterpiece.
The album is so meaningful and beautiful. Each and every song has its own unique story. With this album you can see how amazing BTS Discography is. Give these boys a chance, and you will feel their touching message. This is a proof for their passion for music and their love for their fans.
Proof is an album that contains all type of genres and as a non fan , i am very astonished about the type of music. The music is diverse and lyrically pleasing . The new songs are very well written and composed too. I ike the vibes of "yet to come" and "Born singer" a lot. I enjoyed "Run bts" the most. I will give it a 9.5/10.
This is THE best anthology album. There’s a song for anyone of any genre. You like ballads, Spring Day. You like rap, Cypher 3. You like Hip-Hop, No More Dream. Definitely a 10/10!
amazing to know that bts has such a longer carrier so they can do it an anthology album...this is not for everybody!!
El álbum está espectacular, es el fin de su grandioso camino y el inicio de algo mejor que esta por venir. Mi favorita Yet to come para llorar y Run BTS para darlo todo
the songs are so great! my friend made me listen to the album, i loved it so much!
Seriously you have to be good at what you do if you want to release an analogy album. And let me tell you this - BTS is great.New songs from the album are exactly what you'd expect- catchy and original. CD3 shows BTS' 9 year-long journey to Army through beautifully arranged demos and it's full of new views to well-known songs.Proof is THE proof that BTS is legendary.
This album contains all their hardwork for the past 9 Years, this anthology is a gift to us army, and also an opportunity for all the people who don't know them, to discover where they come from, their story , their journey. This album is so precious they crafted it so carefully. The title track yet to come , felt like a breath of fresh air and for youth , felt like a warm hug, born singer reminded me of all the things they went through and run bts felt like a regain of energy, like a serotonin boost. Bangtan are amazing and there is nothing they can't do. They are going to reach the sky and even higher and we will be there by their side.. this album is full of emotions and memories and the hope for even better days to come.
It's a never seen before album for me personally and anyone who would listen to proof album would feel the same for sure. The versatility of this album is mind blowing. Yet to come very soothing melody to it with some amazing rap. Run BTS is another masterpiece and vocals of this song are chef's kiss. It's a BTS anthology album and the artists have done an excellent job in selecting their songs for this album. For any new listeners who explore new music and would love to listen to a range of different music. This BTS album will not be a disappointment at all. Overall THIS ALBUM IS A MASTERPIECE ✨
Best..BTS never disappoints.. they are the biggest boyband for a reasonWe live in a world of hypocrites, where people pray for your downfailBut they smile in your faceLike they love you allAt the same time
It is an amazing album, one very well curated and presented to the targeted audience. It is a must buy for those who are familiar with the artists and for those who are new as well!
This album is a perfect trip down memory lane as well as a look into the vast discography and growth of BTS. The new songs are truly a gift for ARMYs yet they will be enjoyed by the casual listener as well. Listening to their older songs in the order they put them in, kind of gives it a different feeling. Truly a journey!! The first 9 years were amazing and can’t wait for the next 9!
a summary anthology of bts' journey from the beginning to the end of chapter one their career, too mesmerizing and nostalgic. talent and love and passion overflows in every single song of this album. perfect for old fans, new ones and those who are strangers to their work.
The songs are so close to army and bts , the all 9 year hardwork memories all are in this album, the boys work so hard , army are always together and we love you boys
the absolute best compilation of songs from one of the most versatile artists on the market. if you're not a fan, just give them a chance. their songs are so much more meaningful (not to mention great sounding) thsn you'd expect.
One of the best albums ever. The song choices are amazing along with the new songs and the demos. Just shows how much BTS has progressed these 9 years
This album shows how far the boys come through what they all together all the tears and smiles shared with army's it's how their journey started . The new songs are sooo beautiful Yet to come is about how more chapters are yet to come about most beautiful moments then there is run BTS damn that song is hott i can't get enough of it then there is youth i literally cried and the voice of armies singing forever young at starting is just woww ,this album is so beautiful i loved it sooo muchhh i love BTS sooo much
Proof es un álbum increíble! BTS la rompieron quitando una antología Amamos
Best songs albums..... Everything is amazing... Their songs have so much meaning and there is so much depth
I love this album. It takes us on a trip into the past, reliving all the victories the boys have had, despite everything that was put in their way to bring them down . Silence the haters. The best is yet to come!
Soulful music that you just know that they wrote from their hearts for us, a personal letter to us with all the memories
best anthology album!!!!!!!!!!!!the songs are masterpieces . BTS really proves their love for music.This album is a great way for the ones who want to dive into what BTS discography has to offer and it’s diversity.
Its a awesome album and so fresh and nostalgic. They are always incredible.
bts musical catalog is very diverse and we can hear it on this album. the new songs are very personal and good, with different styles and I think that is what makes BTS musically great
All the love to BTS
This anthology album perfectly wraps up the incredible 9-year-long journey that BTS have gone through. It highlights their versatility as artists and brings long-time fans on a nostalgic trip down memory lane. The title track Yet to Come beautifully reflects on their past and paves the way for their future. Proof is the perfect way for BTS to end their first chapter.
Perfectly portrays their entire journey! I'm so so proud of them! Run BTS!!
LOVED THE ALBUM!!!
The music is really wonderful. BTS comes with the most amazing songs along with the lyrics. Meaningful both to BTS and ARMY.Loving them and their music is never a mistake and the album is such a big surprise. Like you never know what to expect but as soon as it drops you know this is what you wanted to hear. Borahae
This album is what we all needed after such a long time, reminiscing about their old music brought memories back, im so proud of them, I love this album, I even bought the standard, might buy the compact too
Whit BTS the next is always the best, and the PROOF is this album full of history and 7 souls
This album is truly a masterpiece. Not only it's a journey in BTS's discography since their beginning, but it gives so much more in terms of members' personal choices of songs, behind the scenes, demos. The three new songs are absolutely wonderful and show BTS versatility. I highly recommend it.
this album reflects on their journey and helps new fans learn about them as well as brought in a nostalgic moment for old armys. I must say this album is a masterpiece and especially all their three new tracks including disc 3 as well. BTS have once again proven themselves as the greatest artists they are and this album is the proof of their talent and why they are who they are today
Amazing with heartwarming songs and meaningful lyrics...An album which is a proof of bts's admiration and love for their fans and how they regard them as their team mates. LOVE ALL THE TRACKS.
BTS is the best kpop band or I would say is the only best boy band in the world. They know how to soothe us when we are at our distress.I'll forever be thankful to them for coming into my life and making my life like a bright sunshine.Just love for them in my heart and will forever save them, support them till eternity.BORAHAE♡♡♡♡And the album Proof is an another level of universal biggest comeback ever, I love it♡
To have a literal timeliness of BTs music catered by each member is amazing. You will not be dissatisfied or disappointed when listening to this album set.
This album is really good and give inspiration to me. I like it so much and I like to give many points to this album but there it is just 10 point.
Proof is, indeed, just that: proof of the pure artistry and passion that has solidified BTS as living legends. Full of not only their biggest hits but also b-sides and older songs that casual listeners may not have come across yet, this album is a testament to everything BTS has achieved as a group over the past 9 years. 5 new songs also appear on the album, including 'Yet To Come', a soaring, positive song affirming that our most beautiful moments in life have not even happened yet, whilst 'Run BTS' is sure to embed itself into BTS' top songs as a gritty, defiant, hip-hop track about BTS' own 9 year journey and the pure hard work it involved.It's poignant, too, that the album opens with 'Born Singer' and closes with 'For Youth'. The journey starts with BTS themselves, a group of 7 men who were born to do this, and ends with army, who will, as the boys sing, be with them for the rest of their lives. And that's what makes BTS so special: it's never just about BTS but army, too. The two are inextricably linked, and will continue together into this new chapter of BTS' careers.So - BTS, fighting!! I can't wait to be alongside you for the next 9 years and beyond.
releasing an album like this near their debut birthday hits different, glad I can always trust BTS to delivery good music. Run BTS rocks!
This album, listened to from start to finish, showcases why BTS is as successful as they are. This is quite literally their “Proof”. A masterpiece of an album and certainly an amazing modern anthology.
This album is the perfect way to end Chapter 1, we get to go back and listen to a discography that has no skips and get songs that have been a favorite of ARMY for years, and now we get on streaming platforms. But there are even more gifts on CD3. I hope you give much love to BTS Proof, their hard work has paid off and we are enjoying the fruits of +9 years of labor. Happy Comeback and Happy Anniversary.
it's such a good album all the songs tell a story it's so emotional and nostalgic not to mention the lyrics are always written so beautifully
As always, BTS go up and beyond once expectations. In a three CDs anthology they manage to retrace their entire career since 2013 to this day and showcase exactly why they achieved the title of best group in the world. The new title track encompasses the feelings of nostalgia for a gone past and the euphoria for what is "Yet to Come". The track "For Youth" is an evident love letter to the fandom, ARMYs, and maybe even themselves; a testament to the synergetic relationship that stays as the supporting column to their journey into fame and glory. The third and last new track in the first two CDs, "RUN BTS", is an absolute gem added to the prescious collection of hip-hop style songs with a uniquely BTSesque energy, a vibe that, to be perfectly honest, no one is able to replicate. Last but not least, the third CD, available only in physical fort, is a treasure trove of memories meant to be shared only with their close and loyal fandom; almost all the tracks are a demo version of their complete self and listening to them is not only funny but also eye-opening on the process and work of music making. Without hesitation: 10/10 album.
such a great record for the group's 9 years together. loved how they honoured their history from the very beginning and each member put in songs they thought deserved a place in the album. interesting the thought that went into making of this album. also love how they added their demo and unreleased works really helps you look into the process the world's biggest music group puts into making their music. lovely 10/10
I think it’s a really great album that’s special to Armys and BTS I love the song yet to come in the album
this anthology album shows how versitile bts' catalog is. My favourites are yet to come and for youth
Amazing selection of traks, all extremly iconic! The tracks Yet To Come and For Youth are really touching, and Run BTS is just amazing! Beating everyones expectations as always! Cant wait for my phisical copies to arrive!
An album that compiles the entire musical career of the most famous band of the moment, somewhat emotional but with his touch that is never lacking, a beautiful album
Love this Anthology and the beautiful new songs Yet to Come, My Youth and Run BTS!
This Album is honestly so wholesome and meaningful. BTS have been in this industry for 9 years now and have already been incredibly successful, This album is like an endingment of the chapter 1 of their career and that the best is still yet to come. The songs connects so well and not to mention each of the guys are lyrical geniuses. One of my most favourite Albums till date!
This album proves that BTS will only rise higher and higher. Being able to release an anthology album full of wonderful collections of songs of old and new alike just further proves that BTS are truly masters of their craft, that they are true artists who care for their work and curated such a delicate piece of work. It’s not easy for any artist to create such an album. But BTS has an extensive discography full of timeless tracks worthy to be placed into this collection of an album. From mega hits like Dynamite and Butter to lovely B-side favorites like Dimple, Outro: Her, Singularity, or Cypher 3! Even the demos are highly interesting to listen to! It’s clear BTS want to show ARMYs their core, the heart of who they are, and they want these demos to reach ARMYs’ ears only. And ARMYs love every single piece they have crafted and shown us.This is BTS’ best and biggest album so far and it’s an incredible journey of how far they’ve come. This album also highlights the musical evolution and journey of BTS, going from more rap-heavy hip-hop songs to be more brighter and pop-like, while still retaining that hip-hop core. BTS never lost sight of who they are and it’s evident in their music.As mentioned above, BTS can only keep going higher from here. Keep running, BTS, with your Chowon legs! You got ARMY right behind you! And you will certainly fly higher than any man!
Run BTS, marcante com estilo rock e características do hip-hop além de que a letra cotando um pouco do andamento do grupo na indústria a faz ainda mais divertida
I love this album so much. This album has a special place in our heart. This album is the proof that since the beginning they're legends.
Amazing album showing the growth of the group from its bottom level till today. Comprising of 3 CDs. Only 35 songs available in music platforms. Starting with "Born Singer" showcasing their struggles of being a singer while ending with "For Youth" a song for their fans a.k.a. the BTS ARMY who stayed beside them in every situation. New songs, "Yet To Come", a promise for a more amazing future; "RUN BTS", a complete hype track; "Quotation Mark" and "Young Love"available only in CD: Both songs have a quite neutral romantic vibes made specially for ARMY. To sum up, the whole album is really great. It shows their growth as well as shows promise for a new era/chapter in their life. Deserves a complete 10!
Idc. They always snap! No disappointments just a really emotional album lol and i love the new songs! 10/10
This album is one of the best anthology album ever. The lyrics of each song is very relatable and heart touching.
This album is really great. Even there aren't contain much songs, but the new songs esp. Yet to Come & Run BTS will give you different vibe. And their voices are still amazing. Highly recommended.
This album saved my life. Truly groundbreaking. They're the best for a reason.
One thing about BTS is that their music is not just about the lyrics or the emotions crafted by the melodies; it's about the real story behind the music that gives it an extra punch.Yet to Come is a challenge, beckoning the uncertain future after what seems to have been the best moments of their lives. Run BTS is a testament to their self-made status...their only gasoline being their bare feet. And For Youth, a song that remembers all those fans who carried them through the terrible times. They have it all, the lyrics, the artistry and the story...not forgetting the undeniable legacy.With all of their hits throughout the years, this album is truly the proof of all thier greatness and they don't need to pay attention to naysayers anymore because of it.
So good! loved For Youth, such an emotional song. Very well made, good production and lyrics.
Nine years of BTS, and what a way to celebrate. Thanks to the success of their recent English-language songs like "Dynamite" and "Butter," many new fans who pick up Proof have the opportunity to gain more insight into the road BTS took to reach this point, with songs from their initial debut up to today, and three new tracks. The end of an era, but the start of something greater for BTS, they reminisce on the past and look ahead to their future, inviting us to join them on the journey.
The best album ever!! Felt like I was with BTS from the very beginning♡..Proof has no skips!!
It's an amazing album. It perfectly embraces the entire musical trajectory of BTS, with the sensitivity, strength and smoothness for which they are characterized. It's a cohesive, catchy and extremely enjoyable album, and the new songs 'Yet To Come', 'Run BTS' and 'For Youth' fit perfectly into the history of BTS and all those years they are honoring with this anthology album.
PROOF is the best album. All the songs are really touching and inspirational especially ytc. ❤️
Es un gran álbum, en todo sentido, la música fluye muy bien, suena bien y tiene un buen mensaje
only three new songs but still proves that it was one of their best albums up to date.
Proof is proof of BTS’ wonderful artistry and their love for their fandom ARMY. Both nostalgic and new, this album provides both heartfelt songs as well as songs that make the listener want to get up and show up for themselves. 10/10 album.
deserve to be album of the year!! I really love this bts album, I understand why there is so many people love them
I enjoy listening to the music. It is beautifully made and I always enjoyed their music
The best, rawest and most beautiful album of BTS so far but then the best is yet to come they say
as they said, it sumarises the 1st chap of BTS pretty elegantly and beautifully, it is definitely a no skip album
The song is really so amazing!! It brings back the old beautiful memories and everything about their journey till now !! It always makes me emotional because of their honesty!! Army's let's give our best for best boys!!remember to keep streaming and be healthy!!happy festa
This is above 10 honestly. This Anthology albym encapsulates BTS musical journey from the start when they were underdogs and were often disregarded and belittled by the industry and fast forward today that they are now the biggest band in the world. Together with all the people who supported them - families, staff and especially the ARMY who relentlessly strive hard to support BTS even they also experienced all sorts of mockery and racism and xenophobia, prejudice because they love genuinely Asian men who don't care about toxic views of the industry, who just love music. If anyone from outside bts and army community will open their hearts, read the messages of bts songs withour prejudice, then e they will know why ARMY will never leave BTS for life.
The best anthology of bts tracks throughout their career!!! The 3 new songs r wonderful!!
I love proof,This is my first BTS comeback. I know that many people judge without really understanding the why of this album.Army or not army nobody forces you to like, only respect the hard work of the 9 years of the group. a little respect, understanding and intelligence is not so difficult
A discography with no skips. A meaningful title track, probably one of my favorite songs so far. Thanks, BTS♡
This album really shows who BTS is and what music means to them. People who knows BTS only bc of their recent English songs will be surprised about the range of genres and meaningful lyrics. The growth over the year is undeniable.
Perfect perfect perfect ✨✨. Its just amazing how they are soo good. Would definitely recommend to anyone and everyone. PERFECT.
The last album I bought was in 2005 and it was a grammy nominees compilation album. BTS got me to buy an album in such a long time. It’s a great one to have especially since it has the best songs released from the past, demo/unreleased songs, and 3 brand new tracks! Yet To Come has the most beautiful melody and most meaningful lyrics I’ve heard. Run BTS reminds me of a rock style song; it has so much grit, energy and rawness. For Youth made me emotional especially towards the last part of the song; they put their soul into singing those lyrics and I could really feel the love.
The best album, all the songs are amazing and fit perfectly with the album. In addition, the vocals and instrumentals are perfect.
i loved this álbum, it's so fantastic that they did this to start a new chapter, after 9 years!
This album gives literal goosebumps
Proof is a beautiful culmination of 9 years of Bangtan's hard work..every single song is amazing.
Bts fighting i have never seen a artist who are this hardworking.. talented.. handome ...this album is just so good ..comforting ....saranghae bts..
It’s truly amazing piece..love all the songs in the album!!
Something only true musicians can make and achieve great results in. For 2 days I have been reading and analyzing their lyrical skills and abilities and out of all they actually amaze me the most. It was all in all beautiful and enjoyable. I will get myself a physical version I think, I honestly liked it.
All album proof beautifull song....i like all song proof meaning nice,,i like BTS always support them. I love BTS army.....borahae.
I like all their new songs! It hypes me everytime esp Run BTS. Their lead single Yet To Come is so dear to me too. My Life Goes on and Spring Day 2.0!
This album made me realize why bts is so special to me, why I love them with all my heart. They've given me so much peace of mind. So thankful for this absolutely amazing album. I love u bts, I will always love u and support u.
Este álbum recopila todo la trayectoria de BTS creando sonidos que están lejos de igualarse, este es un muy buen álbum
The new album is a beautiful gift for fans, which showcases BTS' beautiful trajectory over the years - a perfect mix of old tracks, new tracks, demos, literally a masterpiece.
An album with all the title tracks and special songs selected by the members. The 3 new songs are reflections on the hard work BTS has put into their 9 years since debuting.
Such an amazing album!
Proof is an amazing and touching anthology album that documents all of bts's 1st chapter. Yet To Come, the title track of the album, plays as the entrance to their next chapter. Stream YTC and Proof~
not just an album, a life line. been listening to this since released and I think I fell in love all over again with BTS. Thank you for this masterpiece
The album shows the beautiful journey of bangtan. The 5 new tracks are so good, run bts is literally the best song ever!! All the old songs that are added in the album are iconic. It’s the album of the year
Ru dkdkldlsld djkdlslskd ndkdldjfkdkdkdkmfkdkfkfkfkkfkfkdkdkfkfkfkkdkdkfkfkProof aoty
Proof es un álbum que nos lleva a un grato viaje al pasado con una grandiosa vuelta al presente. BTS cuenta su historia como grupo, sus batallas internas, su gran amor por su trabajo; atraves de este álbum antologico. Un cierre de un gran capítulo, para abrigarse nuevos comienzos.
Es good este álbum tienes muy buenas canciones es la mejor antología que e escuchado las nuevas canciones son lo mejor.
This album is awesome, i had high expectations for it and BTS managed to exceed them (as they always do). The album really tells their story and the long way they’ve come. All songs are beautiful and bring back so many memories. The new songs are also great and my new faves! I can’t wait for them to start the next chapter in their career!!
Really enjoyed each of the song on this album.. you get a song for each of your mood swings in this album..!! ENJOY LISTENING
As a person who couldn't experience bts from start im very grateful they made music like this. Its so amazing to see how far they have come. I hope they never stop making music. Happy 9th anniversary to the boys so are so special for me
Absolutely a significant anthology for all ARMY (BTS fans) and a must to listen to for those who are thinking of becoming ARMY. Everything you need is here: All their hits, the meaningful tracks, both group and individual songs, and the never-been-released demo versions of the songs.
This album is amazing it includes so many BTS’ songs and you can see how diverse their discography is. Every song is a bop and there are no skips. I also love the title “Proof” it's their proof that they deserve their success and recognition.
The songs are incredible. Yet to come stole my heart, Run BTS make me dance and I don't like to dance, For youth make me cry, with this song and the whole album you can feel how much BTS love their fans
Glad to have listened to yet another great album from BTS. The anthology is a celebration of their history and the 3 new songs they've added were perfectly integrated in the album and completed it beautifully. They excel when it comes to music, so I'll be patiently waiting for their next release :).
Only a group like BTS has a discography meaningful enough to deserve such homage.
This album is so good, I'm in love with the new songs. This is the album of the year!!
"Where many artists try to draw a dividing line between their past selves and their present-day identities, BTS lean into the origin story. They’re not self-conscious about where they began, and instead understand that it was all part of what led them to this current moment." Source: https://consequence.net/2022/06/proof-album-analysis-bts/ If you wanna know the story of BTS, where they came from, what's their story, how they managed to draw in a generation of listeners and why those listeners claim their songs changed their lives this is the album for you! Listen and read the translation to the lyrics and see how inevitable their music truly is
Honest look at BTS’ work throughout the years. They have defied expectations once again. Incredible album!
It represents the history of BTS these 9 years is an amazing album, the lyrics of the songs are very good, the rhythm of RUN BTS is too good it is my favorite
It's perfect. Have a really profund meaning and u can feel all the hard work and feelings that they want to pass.
Nostalgic is the one word to describe this album.Also probably AOTY and the best songs I've heard since PTD
Music can only bring people together for a good cause, so if you don't like them just ignore them and live your life! I am an ARMY since January only, and the only thing I regret about it is to not have listened to them earlier!! I love them, and their music, and the dances, and the messages, and the laughs, and everything they do! Love, just love, that's it!!
The story of BTS since 2013. This is Proof of their success, talents, journey, love for each other and ARMY, told in various genres.
This is a historical album for BTS. Listening to this is a whole journey. I felt all the nostalgia come into me from the start of this album til the end. I’ve been supporting and following BTS since 2016 and hearing and seeing the growth from their early days to this day is amazing. There’s so much variety and so many different genres from them that this album sums it up so everyone can listen to it no matter what genre they prefer.
SO GOOD. i just can’t stop listening. bts really pop off with every single album while remaining so THEM. the demos are so raw and show the improvement over the years. i absolutely love this album and these boys
I loved this album more than anything!! their songs are remarkable, magnificent lyrics and the sound is incredible!
A journey through his extensive flawless discography that I never tire of going through and the gift of three new songs.
It is one of the best albums I have been able to listen to, the lyrics, the melody, the rhythm, absolutely everything is very good.
In this album, you can basically hear what BTS really is. All of the genres, different styles and every single song is so especial and beautiful. Such an amazing album!
This is BTS' music historiography, it is the best album ever. It shows their growth and how much efforts they put into their music and artistry.
the three new songs slap. All the other songs has always slapped. Run bts is
Proof really shows how hard bts worked for these years .Yet to come shows the attitude that Bts have created and career thay have had till now .
Mais um álbum perfeito, como sempre, bts sempre me impressionando
showcasing their discography while entering yet another one of their peaks, bts continues to set the bar for groups to come in the future not only in korea but in the west as well.
Top tier album from top tier artist, love the songs on here from their older stuff to newer ones! Their discography is so diverse and well made!
this album is extremely good and amazing! without a doubt it's a great album to buy, they outdid themselves as they always do! congratulations bts for always being good at everything you do
This album perfectly encapsulates the career of BTS until now. The title tracks and B sides were perfectly curated to represent the growth and range of BTS over their 9 year career so far. Even CD3 showcased how the cuts that did not make to the final projects held enormous potential and displayed the musicality of all 7 members. Yet to come is the perfect ode to BTS' career and Run BTS is it's rough, and rugged compliment, both representing the sound BTS has permanently created for itself. All 7 voices compliment each other through ad libs, harmonies, call-and-respond, and lyrical elements. The members' synergy especially shines through in this album and the carefully chosen tracks. BTS has cemented itself as a musical group that has withstood the test of time and has created classic tracks in the process.
This album is a beautiful constructed ride through BTS history, including demos, alternate production, guides, etc. As well, it contains new songs, all of which are gorgeous examples of the tremendous talent that BTS has. Really worth a listen and then another listen and then another and another and another!!
Omfg!! PROOF is an effing masterpiece! I just can't with this album. It hits so hard. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ALBUM.
It's a beautiful album that guides you through the journey of these 9 years of hard work by the boys. The new songs have a unique style that take you for a roller coaster of emotions. I just love this anthology of BTS
They recreated many this from previous MVs.You and "I best moment is yet to come" I loved RUN BTS song.
No words to describe how special this album is. Excellent album with tracks that show their story and 9 years of career.
it's an AMAZING album . Love it and can't wait for the live performance . Fighting
An album that contains a great story behind it. I'm so proud! What a privilege is here to accompany you closely
This brings back memories that BTS and ARMY shared for the last 9years in the industry. As expected, BTS never fails to amaze me. BTS go way beyond my expectations and make me feel so many emotions while listening to the while discography! No other artist made me feel this way.
It's the best album of 2022. it sum up the whole journey of BTS and ARMY together. It have the very special place in the lives of both. The must needed album in the spectacular journey of BTS. Its contains the message that BTS and ARMY will stay together for the rest of their lives.
The album PROOF is really good! This album is a rollercoaster of emotions you could be crying on one song and would be twerking on the other. If there is someone who can make good music everytime it is BTS.
everything is
Reúne sus canciones principales, dando una recorrida por el camino recorrido.Con canciones nuevas que reúnen su pasado, su presente y su futuro.Y un CD 3 con demos nunca antes lanzados y esperados.Es cerrar una puerta para abrir otra aún mejor
Simply put, it's an excellent album. Give it a listen, you won't be disappointed.
Amazing! The message portrayed through each track From start to finish is beautiful. It's easy to see how much time and effort BTS put in creating art. The quality is amazing. And to know that they were heavily involved shows how talented they are. Good job to everyone invloved in this project, its truly a work of art.1000/10.
This album is very precious to us...this is our journey together with bangtan
In a word it's just fabulous!
Great album ❤️ I'm enjoying listening to every song can wait for more from them
BTS Proof is the best Album of the year. It's just a so amazing how they grow up so we'll. The amount of strugglles they faced and how they overcome from it. The album is literally best, the songs and lyrics everything is done so good. I don't know why some random K-pop groups fans r so pissed y'all r nasty humans I hope your favs can tanked so they are flops lewsers
I loved this album, the songs are perfect recommend to everyone listen to this album
All the songs.... They just say something to us. Their songs make me want to hold onto life a little more ....
Esse álbum é simplesmente incrível e isso não é nada surpreendente vindo do BTS, sempre entregando um trabalho excepcional e agora, com essa antología, retratando as passagens das eras de sua carreira durante 9 anos, as músicas que ja conhecemos do começo ao fim mas que nunca é possível se cansar, o lembrete de toda essa tragetoria marcada pelo esforço, dedicação e principalmente amor á musica. As três novas faixas como os três pilares dessa história com o army, Yet to come retratando a vivência deles como idols e com o army, as expectativas e esperanças para o futuro onde o melhor que tem ainda está por vir, e sempre estará, Run BTS retratando de forma cru a passagem de sete caras por todo esse caminho e a resiliência para chegar até aqui, homens fortes e que deram tudo de si, apoiando um aos outros e recebendo amor e proteção de seus fãs, os quais eles amam incondicionalmente e por fim, For Youth que é toda a representação da relação BTS e army numa música, o amor, carinho, reciprocidade e cuidado marcado em cada canto dessa música. Como sempre o BTS segue levando pedaços seus em cada trabalho exposto e isso é o que mantêm todos aqui.
Proof is a great way to go through each era of BTS, this is an amazing album, the new songs, the demos, everything is so perfect thank you for that BTS
This album is amazing!!
The best is yet to come but every moment spent with Bangtan's music is always the best it could ever be
best album everrrrrr!!!!!! the new songs in the album are so different from each other, it’s great.
AMAZING! Yet to come is so perfect, and Run BTS is FIREEEEEEEI LOVE IT!Thank you BTS for save me, happy BTS 9th Anniversary, Brazil loves you
RUN BTS IS SO SHXBXJBSZGXSHJ Idk how to explain this I feel very alive and happy thank you baes.
in this anthology album, you can see the passion and love the group has on music. from their debut to this day, they still havent changed. in this album you can go through different kinds of genre and hear the growth in their music.
Realmente es demasiado buena, las canciones son geniales y que decir de RUN BTS,, hace que me ponga a bailar como locas, amo este álbum lpm
Proof is a beautiful anthology of the journey of BTS and Army! Every song was thoughtfully chosen by the members and Yet to Come is the perfect summation of it all! There are unreleased demos included and the 2rd CD is full of songs dedicated to Army. To all of the other fandoms leaving negative reviews to be mean and spiteful, you're rotten people who should look inside yourselves to determine why you're so full of hate. You don't have to like every artist or their works, but to take the time to try and damage them is uncalled for and makes you all look bad. I'd never do that to another group as you all are.
o melhor álbum do mundo. "proof" carrega uma longa e linda história dos nove anos do grupo mais bem sucedido da história, digno dos mais positivos elogios e das mais positivas críticas. ouçam "proof" disponível nas plataformas de stream digitais.
The most beautiful moments are in this album, this is not just an Album, this is the record of their biggest achievements, their “PROOF” in a world where you’re constantly being put down, they’ve stood taller than anyone else and blessed us with some of the greatest hit songs of all time, and to think that their best is “YET TO COME” is truly a wonder what they will do next.
this album is the best, it has good mixes and also its old songs come, which are jewels thank you BTS!
So in love with this album
Arte y calidad en su máxima expresión, nada es a medias y se nota que no solo es comercial, es para y por sus fans!
This album is amazing! There are 3 new songs so amazing, one time you want to cry and another time to dance, Run BTS mainly addicts us at first, only BTS can do that. Thank You BTS
Masterpiece Album, contain the journey of the biggest band in the world include demos. Full of inspirational song with amazing musics. Love it.
it's a great starter for new fans but also extremely sentimental for the fans who have been together with BTS for years. the 3 new songs are really great, they'll last for a long time, and you can tell this is BTS' main idea when making songs - you won't get tired of it and it's very sincere, i can still listen to "Life Goes On" every day and "Yet to Come" have the same quality (if not better!)
La calidad de la música y sus producciones son increíbles, además de las letras y los temas que tocan en ellas. El mejor álbum!
Love it, the bestest songs ... thank you for all the efforts put in to the album ,BTS ...never fails to amaze me your work..
A collection of old BTS songs chosen perfectly to tell a story and match a concept, after years of hard work and amazing music even from the begging, they get to do this, amazing
The only anthology album you will ever need. It perfectly sets the stage for their earlier songs to get the recognition they deserve.
one of the best albums i have heard without a doubt this group always releases good music
A great anthology album! The new tracks are amazing. The title track Yet to Come is a wonderful song for all of their fans. Run BTS is somehow similar to their older work, but completely fresh at the same time. Love listening to every track.
An incredible album where they take you along the path of their career that just turns 9 years old today, congratulations
This album is a precious collection of BTS’ work over their 9 years as a band. It is so carefully hand picked, and has so much meaning behind it. It includes some of their most legendary songs but also new tracks as well.
Excellent work!! The idea of making us remember every moment with Bangtan, whether they are the moments of strength, overcoming, sadness, happiness in each era is perfectly achieved! Their voices, the perfect melodies, the rhythms and the lyrics make this album a real gem.
THE LOVES OF MY LIFE, so beyond proud of them and everything they have done, happy anniversary lovies
The Bangtan Boys have done it again - another great album with great songs. Anyone else saying otherwise is tasteless and a hater. STREAM YET TO COME
This #Proof Anthology Album is the true definition of a so called "MASTERPIECE".
All the songs are just brilliant. They are have done a phenomenal job of merging the past and present. The songs are a love letter to ARMY! ANYBODY who listens to can feel the love BTS has for them. These songs are everything
EXCEEDED my expectations. It is an amazing collection of their best songs.Run Bts has to be my favorite and Yet to Come is UNBEATABLE
This album is a true example of a great anthology. Beginning with Born Singer, a beautiful and never released on an album b-side, and ending with a tribute to Army in For Youth, this album perfectly showcases BTS and the path they paved for themselves and for Korean pop singers globally. I’m really glad I bought both versions.
I loved the songs on this album, they are so beautiful and meaningful. Recommend Proof 100%, you will love it.
This anthology album where each track was meticulously picked by the members was an amazing send-off to chapter one of their story. Now i’m looking forward to chapter two, and according to the lyrics of the title track, the best is what comes next.
BTS always delivers beautiful messages in their songs. This album is so special because it not only looks back at their past but also talks about their next chapter in life. I truly appreciate their amazing music and loving hearts
"PROOF" bts new album It's one of the best compilation albums I've heard, it has all the genres pop, rap, rock and its new 3 songs are excellent starting with its main single "yet to come" and one of its Best bsides "Run BTS" and ending with the song dedicated to army "for youth" full of love and pure feelings towards their fans
I have no words to describe the effort they have put in this album . Normally people just want to forget their past , but them ,THe BTS always remember the way , the past they have came through . I am really proud of being able to listen the songs in this album and all the songs they have released .
this album is a MASTERPIECE the 3 new songs literally saved my life, run bts is my favorite tho.
Being completely honest here, this album got me dancing like crazy at 6:30am the same day of its release. Even though I've been part of the ARMY, knowing their entire discography by memory, it's always a great pleasure to revive those first time listening parties. They have such an unique way to express all the member's personalities, vocal range, singing style... All of them shine individually and beautifully, and together they create this unstoppable force, capable of inspiring thousands of people. I'm very happy with this album, and very happy for them as well, seeing them growing up, changing for good and challenging themselves in order to deliver something new and fresh to the industry is really entertaining. Happy 9th anniversary BTS!
This album truly proves the versatility of talents that BTS have. Their artistry have always evolved for the past 9 years. It incorporates all of their song that they've choose themselves to put in this anthology album. The title track Yet To Come is a great and nostalgic song that embodies their past, present and future. I also recommend listening to the other tracks in this album because all of them are such a banger and great songs.
This anthology album is a treasure trove, packed with the rich and diverse discography of BTS spanning different genres. What's clear is BTS prioritises their music, their relationship with ARMY and their bond with each other after all these years. Change is inevitable but at their core this will never change. A new chapter awaits!
Amazing - Upbeat, Passionate, EnergeticAn absolute masterpiece. Everything about this album is amazing. The way it's organized, the quality, the music in it (there isn't a single song where you go 'oh I want to skip and go to the next one'), the new songs, the lyrics, how everything plays off of each other and is well planned out. Yet to Come is so uplifting. Really fits the mood after these last few years of the pandemic it acknowledges our past and says better things are headed our way. Looking forward to a better future. The best is yet to come. Really fills you with passion. Run BTS is full of fire. Great work out song or running song. Gives you the energy to complete your passions. For Youth is healing companionship, knowing you won't be alone. The rhythm, the beats, the lyrics, the sounds, the singing voices of every song play well together. All the songs play off of each other. Sometimes albums have songs that go from slow lullaby to the next one being upbeat hiphop - where the songs themselves will be fine but the overall album is impossible to listen to by itself so you have to create a playlist with like songs. That is NOT the case here. You can honestly listen to the album by itself because they organized it so well you aren't jarred by a sudden different genre of music. Nothing but good things to say. Would definitely recommend it to everyone! Go watch the Music Video for Yet to Come if you haven't!
Wonderful album. Really best songs with the best singers and rap.This is a good present to army. I personally think army are proud of they
This album is a love letter to ARMY. It showcases the highlights of BTS throughout their 9 years while also making sure their fans are aware of how important they were in the journey. The new single YTC is a perfect bookend on chapter 1 of their career. It celebrates their past while leaving plenty of hope in their future. Run BTS is a masterpiece of production. Genuinely enjoy everything they've done promotion wise to give insight on why each member picked the songs that they did for this album too. Proof is for ARMY.
Melhor álbum da atualidade , a junção mais que perfeita de musicas que marcaram sua história e novas músicas que tocam na alma de quem ouve , artistas completos com vozes angelicais uma atmosfera de nostalgia e alegria contagiante
All the songs are incredibly organized in order to tell BTS' story since 2013 until the end of this era. When Suga, one of BTS' members, said that people who are not armys wouldn't understand this album, he was completely right!
Such an amazing album and really shows you what BTS is about and who they are as people and musicians. Really proud of them and their fans for getting this far.
proof is a beautiful collection of their perfect discography. recommending to all my friends and family
This is a great compilation of songs for both old fans and new fans who haven’t heard all of their songs. The 3 new songs are great, and the lyrics especially are genius. The third cd is a great gift to fans who can enjoy unreleased songs and demos.
You just have to listen to the album to know it's good. I've been listening to bts for 2 years and they can make music of any genre and in this album they show us their history and it's the best.
Amazing compilation of BTS history and the new 3 songs are a lovely proof of the love between BTS and ARMY
Such a good album which deeply reflects their 9 year long career. Fell in love with their discography all over again.
I really love the three new songs, especially YET TO COME. And i love born singer too! And their old songs are the best. Now lets talk about their new title track, yet to come. The lyrics are about their journey as a musician, as an army i'm so proud of them. I reallyyyyy love yet to come
BTS made what fans were promised, an album that contemplated their trajectory, just like their title song Yet To Come, looking back with pride and getting ready for a new chapter in your career. In RUN BTS they proudly demonstrate that the secret of their success was hard work and persistence. And finally, For Youth closes the album with a love letter to their fans. Definitely, the PROOF album was not made to please non-fans and critics, but a gift from BTS to their loyal fans ARMY.
the new songs are spectacular! the demos were fun to listen to as you can compare it with the finalized songs and you can tell how much work went into the rewriting, composing of it all. this album marks the end of chapter 1. I'm surprised it took almost a decade just to cover one chapter. It's been a wild ride honestly. ARMY went through highs and lows with the boys. they have come so far. I'm excited to see what the second chapter has in store for the boys. I love them with all my heart. I'm writing this exactly on their 9th year anniversary, on my 5th year with them.
This is amazing compilation of songs. Each one is beautifully arranged and Chronicles BTS's 9 years incredible music contributions. As you listen to each track you get to walk through the memories they shared with their ARMYs. It is also a thank you for the tireless efforts of their fandom. It is wonderfully composed anthology which shines light on the hardships, sacrifices and accomplishments. I would absolutely recommend to anyone wanting to enjoy beautiful voices and amazing music.
É simplesmente incrível, um fechamento de um capítulo não significa que eles vão esquecer sua história. Esse álbum mostra toda a essência deles e como eles cresceram como família.
A wonderful journey through each era of bts in this anthology album. I especially liked that it included unheard demos. My favourite song on it rn has to be Run Bts though
Makes me wanna cry and see how far theyve come and how hard they worked to prove themselves and to express their love to ARMYs
Es precioso, nos muestra el viaje y la historia de los chicos desde el inicio hasta hoy. Comenzando por born singer que habla de las primeras semanas que pasaron como grupo tras debutar, a for youth, una canción para army. Yet to comcome nos muestra un final para este primer capítulo de BTS. Estoy deseando ver que nos traerán en un futuro. Sin duda un 10
So proud i witnessed its release. Bravo BTS. I'm so happy i got the album
This album is amazing for those who want to dive into BTS. You'll be able to learn how amazing they are as artists and their incredible discography.
This album is literally a breath of fresh air. With their greatest hits and 4 new songs, unreleased demos, this album is so nostalgic .. The lyrics and meanings of the songs are beautiful as well. BTS really did a great job. Can't wait to see what the future holds!!
Definitivamente escuchar a BTS ha sido una de mis mejores decisiones, Yet to come es tan maravillosa, me encanta la forma en la que los chicos plasman su recorrido, es muy emotiva, nuevamente recalco que la BTS es para ARMY como ARMY es para BTS. Yet to come es una canción especial entre army y BTS, todas las referencias que hay en su video oficial de otros videos pasados, me encanta valió la pena esperar tanto, es arte en toda su expresión
This album was so amazing it has cured my life from depression and stress, it has payed my bills, it has revived my grandmother from the grave. This album is an Enlightenment and the cure to jealousy. What I really love of this album is that it gives a big f you to haters by stating that they created success without the big three companies. In addition, the new three songs are absolutely amazing and i will never get tired of them. Stream Yet To Come !!
Tiene un significado muy especial y todas sus canciones son geniales. Run BTS, Yet to Come y For Youth son canciones preciosas. No puedo esperar por tener el álbum en mis manos
Being their first anthology album this truly remarks the end of first chapter. The three new songs are all unique and fresh. Especially RUN BTS is one fine song. The chorus part is powerful and catchy enough to get viral. About the song Yet to Come, it gives a hope for the near or far future. For Youth is essentially for the ARMYs only because it sounds like as if they're expressing their love and gratitude towards us. I must listen honestly.
Me encanta este álbum, se siente que lo hicieron con mucho amor y pasión. recomendado!
It’s a really good album on reminiscing the path they’ve come so far considering it’s an anthology album with three new songs on digital platforms and demos on cd. Title track "yet to come" shows how they’ve grown so much but at the end of the day, they’re just seven men who genuinely loves music. Loved everything abt the album!!
A new ARMY here! With BTS's anthology album, PROOF, they took me on a joyful, emotional ride of their 9 year career as hardworking, sincere, dedicated artists. I got to learn all about their old music which I couldn't have done in any other better way! This album shows how much they have grown both as great musicians and individual selves. I cannot thank them enough for this beautiful gift.
Nostalgic album for older ARMY and a great way for new ARMY to discover their old discography. Also the 3 new songs are absolutely beautiful. BTS PAVED THE WAY!!
Proof is not just a regular album, but a collection of memories through their career.
An exquisite album that allows us to live the experience of the beginnings of BTS until today, combinations of ballad, pop, hiphop, Soul, etc., a journey through various genres with a musical structure in quality and substance.
This album is Everything. There is not a single song that i don't like. I love them all. And the new songs are
Great album, loved each and every song like come on does bts ever disappoint. I can't choose which one I love the most like will start from born singer will end it with for youth.. ahem if to name one new song ahem run bts ahem
'proof' is exactly what it says on the tin; bangtan's proof that they have been doing this 'music' thing and doing it **exceptionally** well for almost a decade now- a proof laid out for the world to see because so many more are finally caring to look a little closer at bts, the music sensation.it is anthology lovingly compiled by the members, each track carefully chosen to craft an album that represents bangtan the way THEY want to be seen in front of the world. make no mistake, though- 'proof' is as much an album for those new to bts as it is for their loving, loyal army. the existence of a 'cd 3' of the anthology available only in the physical version of the album, for those who actually buy the album makes it clear that bangtan is welcoming newcomers to their discography as much as they're rewarding the fans who have stayed so far.p.s. 'yet to come' is a heartwarming exploration of bangtan's thoughts and fears regarding their recent, previously-unimaginable success, and a declaration of how they plan on coping with it all (spoiler: they plan to do it as they always have; together, with army in tow), 'for youth' is a gorgeous, nostalgiia-ridden track written explicitly for their fans- complete with an audio sample of a previous fan-song to really ride up the emotional impact of it all, and 'run bts' is a monstrously catchy little song that allows each member to shine and, frankly, to talk their ****overall, anyone trying to convince you that 'proof' is anything less than the absolute masterpiece it is is lying to you :)
The fenomenal group once again proved why they are so successful, not only by building a huge community but working hard e giving their blood in their art. An anthology album is just for true artists, for artists who care for their craft and the message it spreads, BTS as one of the only artists in the industry who truly care for their art and how the power it have, just show the reason why they succeed so naturally.
It's a nostalgic amazing album, an anthology history who deserves being share with the world, YET TO COME brings a good feeling who says "we come for more", RUN BTS is energetic and bright, For Youth make us thinking about how older and how we still young even with more age, and finally our olds songs , I miss then bro
Best album of the year!! Its title track added to my fav comfort songs
This the best album ever. I’m so glad they chose to release an anthology album.
loved it! very nostalgic :)happy to relisten to their discography, good album
Just an absolutely fascinating look into their career, plus some beautiful new songs. Couldn't be better!
So proud — this album shows BTS growth as a team in their beautiful career and 9 years together.
This is a Masterpiece! It’s amazing to see how far they have come since their debut 9 years ago! Their hard work and passion for music are the answers to the global Achievements they make with every Single and Album releases.
Perfeito, runBTS meu vício
To be brief, YTC gave me hope and Run BTS made me want to live, hehe. Their music is very healing, I had never seen an artist talk about serious issues without making me feel bad, but they made me want to continue here
Wow what an absolutely beautiful album. Really BTS be taking the whole kpop industry un different levels. Run bulletproof
Incredible album, BTS really showed their growth and legacy. Also Run BTS is the BEST bside ever.
Starting with their 2013 song born singer which uses a sample from J.Cole’s “born sinner”, it’s gives this album a start to the journey that has been BTS’ proof, their 9 years journey as a band. Going through their vast variety of title tracks from hype songs, to ballads, giving the perfect start of this anthology with CD1, ending with their new song “Yet To Come” a soft alternative hip hop song that, as the title says, the best is yet to come for these 7 men. In CD2 we are welcomed with “Run BTS” a hyped hip hop song, with the clear signature of what a BTS song is, the 7 members sing and rap in here about how they run as bangtan, as bulletproof that they are. The latter is an introduction to this CD where it has been personally curated by all of them with the songs that best represent their Proof as individuals and as BTS. Then we find CD3 which is dedicated and specially for the fans, filled with unreleased demos (that can be only be found on the physical copy of this album) it’s an incredible inside into their craft as musicians that they are, while you know the end product, here you can hear the differences and the rawness of this process and their passion which is music. To end with the cherry on top, the song “For Youth” closes this anthology, which is a song feat ARMYs singing “Epilogue: Young Forever” and then BTS dedicates this sweet ballad that goes with a 3/4 timing like waltz, feeling like you are dancing just by listening their voice and the sweet lyrics of the message they want to give to their fansAs all BTS’ albums go they are deliberately decided in how to tell a story through each second of it, making it a perfect anthology through put a bow to their 9th year journey. Good job BTS and happy anniversary
This album is amazing!! Their new songs are perfect to close the the first chapter.
Este álbum es simplememte hermoso a parte de su versatilidad, las letras, las vocales, los raps, amo.
What an emotional album I loved, the different rhythms fascinate me. The vocal is from another planet I liked the spectacular rap as always
The anthology album is perfect in showing the 1st chapter of their career regarding the past 9 years since their debut. Not only are the new tracks wonderful and an emotional rollercoaster, but getting a look at all their previous songs they’ve released together back to back in one album rather than a playlist gives an entirely new perspective. It gives an even bigger storyline and outlook on their journey & CD3 solidifies this as well with the various demos and unreleased songs getting an insight as to how the process was like and getting to somewhat compare it to the final product that was released to see how they’ve worked through the process of creating such songs & what messages they wanted to lean towards!
BTS’ anthology Proof goes through their music as they grew. From the beginning till now, their music style has always changed but has been true to their own sound. Newer fans can listen to the album and resonate with them. They newer songs also have a special place in my heart. Yet to Come showing BTS’ love for their music and their journey. Run BTS being one of my favorites, showing some of BTS’ hip hop sound and showcasing how hard the members had worked to get where they are. For Youth showing a journey with the fans and the connections they share with us. Overall, the album is very top tier.
this album shows how BTS as a whole have developed and grown into the group they are today. they have achieved a lot since there debut. the 3 new songs are great. they were the perfect fit for this anthology album. great job guys!!
introduces us to the history of his career, the ups and downs that he went through to build his history. I love them.
the album is very good, gives us hip hop, ballads and pop, that in 2 different languages is really amazing. El ritmo y las canciones me gusto mucho al momento que salió.
This album holds 9 years of hard work, passion and good music. This is definitely worth listening
this album is amazing I swear, the first time i heard it it blew my mind open. Bts know how to do music, there’s no stop to them
Una increíble obra de arte que resume la exquisita, y muy variada discografía del grupo en un solo álbum.
A beautiful journey in the 9 years career of this south korean band. They started under a bankrupt label with a dream and each other and created a universe of songs that let us know about their world, from protest songs to self introspection they share their message with all of us.
Without a doubt, this is a very special album, containing the essence of BTS.
Un álbum nostálgico y especial para quienes somos fansUna oportunidad perfecta para quienes apenas los están conociendo y quieren sumergirse en su increíble discografía
Esta antología vuelve a recordar y probar la gran versatilidad musical dentro de toda la carrera de los tesoros de Surcorea. Ni mencionar las nuevas canciones que van desde hip-hop hasta un ritmo nostálgico, la letra que puede ser o ruda pero acertante, o conmemorativa hasta ser poética. ME ENCANTÓ, ESPERARE EMOCIONADA EL PRÓXIMO ÁLBUM Y COMIENZO DE UN NUEVO CAPÍTULO.
I love the idea of give us parts of their whole discography.. so many great memories while listening to their old songs and so beautiful new songs! They even put demos there.. Great album 10/10 worth the price.. It's packed with other stuff not just CDs which I appreciate too.. This is a no skip album for sure
La antología de BTS, su trabajo más reciente, una completa obra de arte, donde nos muestra tanto su pasado, sus complicaciones, sus metas y sueños, lo que recorrieron y a donde han llegado a pesar de todo, poniendo las eras que fueron más significativas y canciones nuevas con más versatilidad, significado importantes para ellos y para todos los fanáticos, realmente una obra de arte de los 9 años de carrera de estos chicos.
This album is just amazing, the new songs and the existing ones are perfect.
I loved the new songs added in the anthology, also the selection they made for title tracks in cd1 and solos and subunits in cd2, it definitely works as a timeline for all of their work, lastly the cd3 let’s you in in their creative process and shows an intimate side of the songs we’ve known, allowing us to admire all the hard work that goes into each song and the feelings they put into them.
This album does exactly what it was intended to do. Close the chapter to a decade of music from the biggest group in the world. The album "Proof" by BTS lays out the exact foundation of why they are the biggest band in the world. Each of the title tracks on the 2st CD shows the growth and step taken to get to this release. CD is chosen personally by each member. This gives the album a personal feel to it. CD three is only available on CD as a special gift to the Fandom. BTS has always been so open through YouTube and social media but one thing they have not shared a lot of is the process of making an album or song. CD 3 provides demos and unreleased songs that have never been heard. This closing of a chapter makes me as a fan excited for what they have planned next.
It's an incredible album, full of emotions. It's just art in all aspects, BTS always leaves something meaningful inside each song.
It's an amazing album overall I recommend listening to it. I really love it
Proof de BTS es un álbum completamente impresionante, no hay una sola canción mala.Es muy variado, ya que tiene canciones de Hiphop, rap, pop, r&b, etc., Se disfruta desde el inicio hasta el final.Hay canciones con muchas temáticas para todo gusto, desde críticas sociales hasta letras sencillas y refrescantes para pasar un buen verano.Mis favoritas personales son: - Spring Day- Blood, Sweat & Tears- Born Singer- Singularity - BTS Cypher pt 3: KILLER - Run BTS - 00:00 (Zero O'clock)- 00:00 (Zero O'clock)
It's an interesting album with a great variety of songs. It's worth listening to, since it tells the musical trajectory of the group and adds songs that they contribute to the album.
El mejor álbum del año, trae mucha nostalgia y es una nueva. Las tres canciones nuevas son increíbles
A very complete album that tells the story of bts in these nine years of career, it makes you feel nostalgic if you were with them since their beginnings and if you just entered the fandom it allows you to see how their beginnings were and how they grew over the years.
Un álbum muy bueno, con diversos estilos de música para diversos gustos, estoy esperando que otros estilos mas pueden presentar.
Proof, the newest album from BTS, is an anthology that provides a roadmap to their meteoric rise to success. It consists of three new tracks as well as previously unreleased tracks. A wide range of genres are present, so there is literally something for everyone. And their newest tracks show why they will remain on top long after today. One of my favorite is RUN BTS. This is definitely a song you can move to!
The album's a complete journey of their entire career. The cohesion behind it it's significant and should be rated as such.
This anthology album has been the best way to celebrate the 9th anniversary of the artistic career of South Korean pop group, BTS. Congratulations.
The best album! I'm not one to comment on or rate a musician's album but listening to this masterpiece how could I not rate a 5. Their discography is chefs kiss, a masterpiece and you can argue with the wall if you don't agree.
An excellent album! It is nostalgic for the army, but also a great way for new listeners to get into their discography and find out all the different genres their songs have. You can see all their hard work throughout the years and the passion they have for music. It gave me the opportunity to reminisce some of their best songs and it reminded me of way I became a fan in the first place.
El mejor álbum del 2022, con una mensaje increíble, el cual el mundo debe escuchar
Este álbum es realmente bueno, tiene su propia esencia, y sobre todo demuestra quienes son y lo que representan estos chicos, letras reales, con temas con los que te puedes identificar, ritmos y producción que siempre te mantienen pendiente, sin duda es la mejor forma de adentrarse en la música de estos artistas, seguiré investigando mucho mas de ellos.
Amazing album revisiting past and present BTS! The boys have flawlessly shown their talents along the years. Excited for what's next!!!
Proof is a masterpiece since in it you can find the 9-year journey of the successful global supergroup BTS.The album kicks off with "Born Singer" which was originally released as a cover of the song "Born Siner". In this song they express the difficulties they have been through and their dream of being great musicians, then we will move on to other great successes of these bulletproof boys. If we talk about the new pieces on this album starting with "Yet To Come" is a song that tells us about the beautiful memories of their career and how they close a chapter to start a new one by staying firm and true to themselves. We move on to "RUN BTS" without a doubt here one of the main essences of the group is projected, which is hip hop,the lyrics tell us about their struggle to achieve their dreams that they have managed to obtain against all odds, being 7 determined boys who never stopped. And the third which is "For Youth" this valuable song reveals how sacred, significant and true is the union and reciprocal love of the septet towards their ARMY fandom.A beautiful song full of feelings of affection and love that equals the solid relationship of "best friends for eternity".BTS's music became the refuge of many, who were looking for comfort and support. Now they close this first chapter where they and we grew up preparing our wings to undertake the flight towards the search for identity and self-love. Without a doubt, the next chapter keeps us anxious but sure that we will accompany you on this new journey.This Anthological album is the perfect summary of humble beginnings and prosperous futures, being true to yourself and helping others with what you are most passionate about.
This album PROOF how's BTS career has been growing since Day 1 to nowadays, many different styles cuz the group hasn't been afraid of show their many sides and colors, their songs reflect how they've been developing their thoughts, growing their personal self and point of view of life...
The whole album has that very nostalgic vibes. Regardless if you’re a debut or baby Army you will get emotional just hearing the songs esp the title track Yet To Come, a new song that tells their journey and what are still to expect from them. From their No More Dream to Permission to Dance era it shows how they have evolve as an artist and their musicality. The other new song Run BTS has this pop, rock, hip hop beat which is so good to listen to and dance along with. For Youth is another song, it’s their kind of endearing love letter to Army. And lastly, Born Singer is not really new they’ve performed it on stage way way back earlier but it was never officially release. There are 3 CDs. The 1st is songs sang and performed by the whole group. In the 2nd CD are songs sang by each member individually. And the 3rd CD is all demo version of some of their song several were released and 2 unreleased. This album is an anthology which means that it’s a collection of their songs (not all their songs though cos they have maybe more than 200 songs to date from 16 released album since debut and even prior to. So it’s a very special album especially to fans who really appreciate BTS.
This anthology album contains alot of amazing tracks done by bts since their debut until now. I highly recommend to give this album a listen if you are interested in their music cause it's literally amazing
Literally album of the year. BTS never disappoints. New fans can look up to their old songs from here and gonna understand how great artists they are.
"PROOF" un album de antología que recorre la trayectoria musical de BTS. Desde sus comienzos hasta este momento en el que son reconocidos como superestrellas mundiales. Pero ante todo es un albúm que rescata todos sus sentimientos de cada era y lo mucho que lucharon hasta llegar a la cima con mucha Sangre Sudor y lágrimas derramadas. Proof muestra lo grande que es BTS como persona.
Excelente recopilacion, debo decir que me encantan sus 9 años de carrera se ven reflejados en esta discografia, y las nuevas canciones son un viaje al pasado, presente y futuro demostrando lo humildes y trabajadores que son Yet to come, run bts etc, son magnificas tan distintas y un con placer insdescriptibles, simplemente hermoso lo que transmiten con su musica y letras.
Beautiful album. Love the journey from Born Singer to Yet to Come. As new Army its great to have an overview of their music, the different genres and development of their music as artists. The new songs Run BTS and For Youth have amazing lyrics. Love that in For Youth they sample the fans singing Forever Young from the Wembley concert. Cannot wait what is in store for them next.
A hand selected cross-section of BTS songs that span their prolific career. There are two (2) CDs of songs that exemplify their range and talents with a third (3rd) collecting demos and previously unreleased versions of songs. Additionally there are three (3) new tracks that seem to close the chapter on their youth and hardship while looking forward to a bright future with ARMY by their side.
I really love this album, it makes me live with more love. I hope you know how to appreciate more the love with which this group makes their music, they are not only artists, they are people like us.
Es un álbum perfecto, podemos ver todo el recorrido que tuvieron y nos dieron un gran cierre al BU con 'Yet To Come', 'Run BTS' es lo que army estuvo pidiendo desde hace tiempo y 'For Youth' es para que lloramos por todo el amor que existe entre BTS y ARMY!!!
The best album ever. Thank you BTS to make such a beatiful music for the soul. You guys are the best.
This album truly shows just how unique BTS is with their music. This album literally showcases all of their eras in a beautiful way, This ending of an era is especially amazing since it is a representation of their different styles and eras throughout their career. For anyone that wants to learn more about BTS and their music throughout the years, this is the best album to learn from.
It is a very good and beautiful album brings the best bts songs both past and present
The best piece of art ever!!! And more is YET TO COME. All the color color fandom mfs I'll be sure to return your favor
Yet to come is the most beautiful song I’ve ever heard and run bts is the certified song of the year. In other words BTS outsold as always.
The album brings the story of BTS in 35 songs, telling each stage of the group how far they've come, giving hope and showing resilience.
Proof shows the history of BTS during their first chapter. It consolidates their most succesful songs and their favorites ones! I love it!
Thank you BTS for still making music here for those of us who appreciate your art, the four new songs are you, your style and for what I have continued with you these 7 years. I love Run BTS a lot hahahaha
Es la mejor y merecida manera de cerrar una etapa para artistas tan grandes y que realmente dejan huella como ellos. Más feliz y orgullosa no puedo estar. Este álbum es tan significativo.
Esse álbum está simplesmente perfeito! Ele marca definitivamente uma nova era do BTS
It's a journey through their exquisite discography and a gift for ARMY. BTS shows their musical genius and passion for their work. Well, it's not work if you love it like them, right?
Me encantó el álbum ya que.pude conocer canciones que no había escuchado antes.
This album is called "proof". I loved how they presented the proof of their history through this album. From 13.06.13 to 10.06.22 in 9 years they went through alot and they showed it perfectly through their album. I love this album so much!
This album is so good, it has bts' journey through the years, i recommend it to any person who wants to get to know them, it resumes perfectly their whole career. As to the new songs, i loved them so much, for sure they never disappoint; Yet to come opens the door to a new beginning with bts, run bts is so good!! i can't listen to it without dancing is sooo gooood, and for youth:((( is song to ARMY, is so beautiful i cried for real.
Best album ever, this is a look back on bts amazing discography, their history, it’s absolutely beautiful
BTS sempre se supera a cada album que lançam, e esse não seria diferente. Primeiramente muitas pessoas ficaram na dúvida do "por que o álbum contém 34 músicas e somente 3 delas são inéditas e o resto são antigas?" e lhes respondo: é um álbum antológico logo ele teria mais músicas que o normal, principalmente as antigas e mais importantes da carreira. Há quem diga (pessoas má intencionadas que passam mais tempo arranjando motivos para odiá-los e criticá-los do que indo fazer algo útil, e entender o propósito do álbum) que esse álbum foi feito pra inflar números e novamente lhes respondo a proposta é clara: um album antológico com os maiores sucessos da carreira, mostrando toda história até chegarem aqui, em comemoração aos 9 anos de grupo e assim a finalização de um capítulo e inicio de um novo, provando que seu caminho não foi fácil, mas conseguiram superar as dificuldades e de degrau em degrau chegaram ao topo. BTS sempre inova em conceitos e experimenta novos gêneros e estilos, e com esse album temos a prova da diversidade que é a sua discografia, uma pequena a mostra do que eles tem a oferecer em mais de 200 músicas. Sobre as 3 faixas inéditas, em 'Yet to Come' eles voltam as origens e com um hiphop alternativo, uma letra repleta de significados que pra quem tá de fora talvez seja um pouco difícil de compreender a profundidade e dimensão de cada palavra, a mensagem por trás de uma letra tocante, e nesse mesmo pensamento temos 'Run BTS', também com uma letra cheia de significados que poucos entenderão, a música é literalmente o BTS do início ao fim, em todos os sentidos, ao estilo BANGTAN. Ao meu ver, é música feita pra dançar muito e esquecer dos problemas, e é também um impulso para você correr atrás do que você quer realmente, de seus sonhos, como eles fizeram, e ainda fazem, Run Beautiful, Run. Mas com certeza é uma música que mostra o BTS, uma música para quem duvida ou nega o que eles são e seu impacto, negam o propósito deles desde o inicio até então. E por último, mas não menos importante temos 'For youth', essa somente quem é do fandom entenderá pois toda a música é uma dedicatória ao ARMY, o significado só pode chegar em quem realmente sempre esteve com o bts de corpo e alma, de quem confiou e confia neles e no trabalho deles, quem ama e apoia eles, pois For Youth é nada mais nada menos que uma música do BTS para o ARMY na mais pura sinceridade e transparência de seus sentimentos: amor e gratidão, ambos sendo mútuos. Todas essas três músicas são difíceis de explicar porque talvez para cada army tenha uma mensagem diferente, mas no final levam ao mesmo caminho e a mesma conclusão. BTS é um grupo completo em todos os quesitos, suas músicas são o reflexo disso, o reflexo deles, e é inegável os artistas completos que eles são e a qualidade de suas músicas, por isso seu fandom é gigante e sólido, uma pena que alguns ainda deixam o preconceito falar mais alto e o ódio cegar no momento de irem conhecer eles, a partir do momento que deixarem diferenças e sentimentos ruins sobre eles de lado, e dar uma chance de conhecê-los verdadeiramente irão ver o quão incríveis eles são tanto como músicos/artistas, mas também como pessoas, e então entenderão o que nós armys tanto falamos e repetimos sobre eles.
Las canciones son tan hermosas que contienen un mensaje demasiado conmovedor.
An anthology album throwing light on BTS's hardwork, passion, music of 9 years. 3 new songs with other old tracks shows the diversity & lyrical magic. It is a personal gift from 7 boys to ARMY (BTS fandom name). Non - ARMY listeners can dive into the huge sea of songs & can learn about loving oneself after reading the lyrics. This album is a true "PROOF" of their discography.
Best thing I've ever heard, nobody can compare. Can't wait for more. Keep streaming Army
An exquisite album that allows us to live the experience of the beginning of BTS until today,Combination of ballad, pop ,hippop, soul, etc . A journey through various genres with a musical structure in quality and substance.
Absolutely stunning. A true representation of Bangtan's talents as rappers, vocalists, producers, composers and song writers. Yet To Come is a poignant tribute to their past with an eye on their future
Meus meninos fizeram um trabalho impecável como sempre. Estou muito orgulhosa!!!
The whole album was an amazing journey, all the eras are iconic, 2015, 2016 BTS and the work behind the ly trilogy was very precious to me, as a fani love hearing songs from those years again!
maravilhoso, as músicas, as histórias por trás é incrível, obrigada bts por me proporcionar isso
I just feel so happy and blessed to be alive to listen to this album. I've been following BTS for a long time now and seeing them grow so much to the point of being able to deliver and ANTHOLOGY to us is truly beautiful. "For youth" made me feel so many things, "Yet to come" made me so nostalgic and reminecent of the past. It truly is a masterpiece.
There is nothing like reliving the 9-year evolution of the biggest music act in the world. From the start, BTS had something to say: about life, about society, about the world. But they also made (and make) bops that you can jam to, ballads to cry to. This album is like a journey through their musical past, and a peak into their amazing future.Just the three new songs are a roller coaster ride and are not to be missed.
ITS FYEEEEEEE, such a good album, every song is great especially run bts, stream proof NOW
It is a special album where through music they take a tour of their career.
I have been listening to BTS‘ anthology album Proof nonstop since its release! It’s a carefully curated collection of 48 songs that span 9 years and illustrate how great BTS were right from the beginning and also how much they have grown. CD 1 is a collection of title tracks, CD 2 are songs hand picked by the individual members and CD 3, which is only available as part of the physical version, contains demo versions and previously unreleased songs. Each CD also contains a completely new track. Although you need to be a fan to understand some of the context and meaning, all music lovers with an open mind will enjoy this versatile album!
I loved the new songs on this album, bts one more brought a quality work, and yet to come I would say she is the daughter of spring day, she brings peace to our hearts and comforts us in an extraordinary way.
Top tier album. Proof, contains their few of their past songs and 3 new songs. Legendary album.
Um álbum magico. Para os fãs, é emocionante rever a jornada que eles percorreram até serrem que são hoje. De uma empresa pequena, vendendo menos de 50 álbuns no seu debut, para o maior ato de kpop/maior ato coreano já visto. O álbum mostra a diversidade do bts e como eles não tem um skip na discografia inteira. Para quem quer conhecer mais o grupo, é um álbum que mostra um pouco de todas as eras, então eu recomendo muito.
This album is great. Showing their work from their debut 9 years ago till the album release. It is a great way for the ones who want to dive into what BTS discography has to offer and it’s diversity.
uplifting, powerful, comforting, will have you jumping out of your seat to dance, this album is a dream. absolutely love how they included the demo tracks and dedicated the third cd to fans specifically. bts shows their PROOF in this album while reminding listeners to anticipate what’s next because the best has ‘yet to come.’
Contém toda trajetória do grupo, conta uma história. Recheado de músicas boas e algumas demos inéditas, muitas lembraças pra quem acompanha desde o começo. Ouça e se apaixone, assim como eu
an exquisite album that us to live the experience of the beginning of BTS until today, I LOVE EVERYTHING
Truly a gift to army! A great summation of their journey - a must-have album!
An excellent anthology album. Really highlights their legendary career so far. My personal favourite from the new tracks is 'Run BTS'. Listen to this album and all their other work without prejudice and I promise you will be introduced to some great things. I was once very ignorant but through them and their music, I have come to learn and embrace new things.
What a pleasure to listen to ! They never disappoint. With 3 new songs, this anthology album gives a taste of the diversity in BTS music through their 9 year carreer for those who are still new to them and trip down memory lane for those who are familiar with them. The CD 3, not available on streaming services, contains demo is a little for ARMYs.
Todavía no me ha llegado el album a mi casa pero por lo que he podido escuchar en yt y en spotify ya puedo decir que es un 10 como cualquier release de bts
An incredible anthology that highlights the different colours of BTS throughout their career. It offers a glimpse into the future of BTS through Yet To Come, Run BTS and For Youth. An album that was carefully put together highlighting the hard work BTS has put in. A special gift for ARMY.
An absolute love letter to everything BTS is and has put out since 2013. Title track feels like a conclusion of a chapter and the beginning of another. All the songs on the album are hand picked by the members to best represent what they are. Run BTS feels like they're proud to show their legacy, and For Youth is the perfect conclusion to the album.
The story of 9 years as a band written in an incredible album, exquisite in variety of generes, production and composition. Once you get into it, you won't stop listening to it
Not all artists can say they have an extensive career. This album proves that there are artists who are sensitive to their audience and who care about them. PRROF gives a nostalgic tone, full of enigmas yet to be deciphered, and its highlight is the demos, with versions that BTS wanted to show and would never have another opportunity. It's a gentle, energetic album with incredible road weight. Congratulations to BTS for their courage and commitment.
This video is so amazing and meaning full damn you and I best moment is yet to come so let's not give up!
It’s an amazing album!! It’s really shows the members journey and growth as artists
They added the perfect songs to truly embody their colors as artists. Every single selection being a milestone in their career, but like the title track says; the best is Yet To Come.
Proof is an incredible display of BTS and their artistry from day one of their career to now. A lot of people asked “why an anthology?”— and the answer is because it was time. They are able to share with old and new fans alike the discography they’ve been able to create, and continue to entice the curiosity of non-Army and those who don’t even listen to K-pop/K-music. I don’t want to make assumptions but this album serves to show the world, and not that they need to prove themselves, their talents and most beautiful moments. I cant wait to see what’s next. As they said, their “best moment is yet to come.”
This album is beautiful.Thank you BTS for this awesome art.Happy 9th anniversary!! Yeay!!!!Let’s be happy together.Let’s live together.Let’s be together until the end.BTS
bts never fails with their music and this album really does showcased that
This is the best thing that happened to me..The music really touch your soul. I'm happy to stan BTS, they give me happiness which I couldn't find anywhere else.
One of my favourite albums. The nostalgia, the growth and the development of the artist is all encapsulated into one album for their fans to enjoy. You can hear their strength and their passion growing every single time a new song plays. One of my favourites
I can’t think of a better way for BTS to end this chapter, than by releasing an anthology album with three brand new songs, all of which are reflective yet still very different from one another. For youth had me bawling three seconds into the song, my jaw was on the floor all through Run BTS, and Yet to Come felt so nostalgic, coming full circle with the references to their older music both in the lyrics and in the music video. Listening to the album in order really brought me back and made me realize just how far they’ve come in the past 9 years. They’ve done so much musically that even after being a fan for multiple years, i still can’t wrap my head around the amount of pure talent, artistry and passion these guys pour into everything they do. Listening to Born Singer open up the first CD while thinking about where BTS is today brought tears to my eyes - their growth is so admirable both musically and personally, i truly couldn’t be prouder.
10/10An anthology album with 3 cds and 48 songs in totalolder songs, newer songs, demos and coversthe selection of these songs proves BTS versatility in music.Just because you cant understand the language that doesn't mean you cant understand their heart behind their lyrics.Please if you are new to BTS try finding their songs translated into your language, you don't know what you missing.Some singers have a great voicesome have great songsother have great lyricsbut BTS has it all
incredible album. you can really tell a lot of effort has been put into it!!! love the boys and love their music
Linda antologia. É uma honra fazer parte desses 9 anos de BTS. Vamos continuar caminhando fortes!
Simplesmente viciada nas músicas novas! Run bts se tornou minha preferida. Quanto as músicas antigas, não poderia ter sido diferente. Seleção impecável que nos traz de volta aos momentos mais icônicos do grupo. Eles são os melhores!
Such a nostalgia feeling with "No more dream" and the other old songs, also "Yet to come", "Run BTS" and "For Youth" are such a good songs! The fact that they include demos for one of the CD's has to be one of the best thing, a great álbum. Nothing else to say
Album of the century 2022 ♕I'm so proud to be army
The album title lives up to the name. With this album you hear why BTS has such a large supportive fanbase. It is 9 years of growth and versatile ranges in a number of genres. Do not let the bad reviews fool you. Those people will say the music is bad without bothering to listen to it because their faves could never have the type success BTS has. If you want to listen to good music, Proof is a good place to start.
The best album of all timeReally i can't even express how perfect this album is
This album is an anthology of bts songs that shows how hard they've worked to a arrive where they're today. The songs listed are important to their history, as they couldn't have achieved their success without them. Following this, their new songs also brings the best of their discography: their ability to talk through music to their fandom "army", with lyrics made by them to the fans. It's a beautiful and well done work, with the "bts vibes" that fans love so much.
10/10 this album is so special for me and for my little boys bts, an anthology album is not for everyone so this is such a moment that bts have made it
An album with diversity! It shows how their career has evolved over nine years. In addition, the CD3 contains demos where you can still see a part of how the music starts being produced. A great experience.
LOVE THIS ALBUM! This album truly shows how versatile BTS' music is. From Hip Hop to Pop to EDM, a little bit of everything! Also the new tracks are AWESOME and I really like that they included demos and special versions of their existing songs and even unreleased songs.
The album was so good... It's make you travel to the past of bts and make you know them better. The music, the lyrics and the beat is so great. Also all songs that they havr specifically on the album have a great message.
Loaded with timeless bops. Beautiful package too. One of the most well thought anthologies I’ve ever seen.
My English is really bad but I want to thank the members for this album, it's really effective
Really love it and would recommend it to everybody...A really good made album and the fact that has 3 disc/cd you have the possibility to listen to more song such as N.O(old songs) or to their newest song Yet To Come ,RUN ,For Youth...
The best album ever, I really love Yet To Come, Run BTS and born singe.BTS FIGHTING
Este álbum es muy bueno, como a muchos me encanto en todo sentido, vale la pena escucharlo e invito a todos a hacerlo.BTS ofrece mucho talento y versatilidad a la hora de producir y crear música, estos 9 años son la prueba de ello y Proof te lo demuestra, una recopilación excelente.
I really love the tracks in the Proof album and makes me happy to listen the old songs and also enjoy the new songs
Beautiful album...as always BTS is a crack
the peak of music. watered my crops and brought my grandma back to life. bangtan for life
Este es un muy buen disco tiene canciones increíbles se los recomiendo 100% lo que eh escuchado me dejo súper emocionada Feliz de poder compartir esto con mas personas
This is the best Anthology Album ever..Just cried while listening their new songs "Yet to Come" & "For Youth"..
absolutely amazing! the meanings behind the three new tracks are endearing and all of them bring a sense of proudness of the 7 boys. it feels nostalgic to listen to the demo versions of these amazing songs and to finally have tony montana ft. jimin studio version was amazing!
One of the best albums I have ever heard. The ability to add songs to the album that have already been released but still fit with the whole album theme is amazing. The 3 new songs RUN BTS, For You , and Yet to Come are all distinct and all have their own sound but yet when put on the album it doesn't sound like a playist but sounds cohesive. Fun BTS is hip hop, meanwhile For You is a more mellow song as so is Yet to Come. But, these tracks to overshadow the other songs either. By adding classic BTS songs they made the album almost an essential compilation of bts songs that you have to listen to cause all of them are amazing. So, if you ever want to get into bts and you want to go to a place that has all the different sounds and genres they explore, proof is the album. 1000/10 bts you have made an amazing album again
Every penny you spend on this album is worth it!! BTS never disappoint me. I just love how Tannies grown and how they express their selves through their music . Thank You For The Hard-works Tannies
I love how the album is very personal to army and bts. It’s a compilation of the journey they have made thus far as people and idols.
As a new Army, this album is perfect in every way. It makes me feel like I have been a part of BTS’ journey from the beginning. This album encompasses BTS’ love for Army. You can feel it in every word in “for youth” I could go on and on but I don’t want to risk rambling. All I can think is thank you for this gift.
This album shows BTS has give fans best music since the very beginning of their career, a compilation of the best made by their members plus new songs and demos that show their artistry and love for making music
the best album, without any exaggeration. bts always tries hard and delivers a divine work! I'm very proud of them.
A collection of Songs that have shown the growth of BTS throughout all the years they have been a group an amazing album
As a more recent ARMY. This album is a love letter to ARMY. BTSs music is complex and interesting. The album packaging is always well worth the money. The 2 versions give everyone a choice. If you want an education into BTSs past and what makes them the biggest band in the world, this would be a good start. Second would be Rise of Bangtan on youtube.
the album contains the biggest hits in bts career and develops a guide about their trajectory like a group wit a versatile discography and emotional songs
A beautiful nostalgic album that shows the amount of growth BTS has had over the past nine years with a compilation of songs that show their diverse discography. It also shows the raw, unrefined and unconditional love BTS has for their fans, the army. I absolutely adore the anthology album because it is their PROOF that they made it and fought, despite every obstacle thrown their way and ARMY fought there right alongside them.
El mejor álbum de Bangtan, la selección de canciones que marcaron grandes hitos en la historia de la banda es impecable, y los nuevos temas son alucinantes.
This album is a beautiful compilation of 9 years of hard work and passion. Each song was handpicked by members of the group and each with meaningful reasons why. If you’re already a fan it is impossible not to be completely touched by these selections. The new songs are also incredibly special with Run BTS being my new personal favorite because of its really fun hip hop sound.
Thankfully we have been gifted this incredible Anthology album from #BTS - PROOF. The collection captures an array of songs from their impressive discography that transcends their kpop genre. Listeners are taken on a musical journey representing BTS’ record-breaking, award-winning history, with music that reflects hip hop, rap, pop, jazz, and R&B. BTS is truly a global musical phenomenon that you don’t want to miss. Listen to their music, read their lyrics, learn their history - you won’t regret it and will find yourself grateful for the experience!
artists who, after 9 years of career, manage to bring an anthological album, while showing their essence in new music demos that have marked their career so far and thus opening another chapter in the career of this seven South Koreans aka the biggest group today
This album tells the whole story of BTS that's why is such a special album, as ARMY we know that these years, this 9 years was hard. Listen to PROOF and you will know who is BTS and why they are love.
Their discography is unmatched. Even with three discs, it doesn’t even touch all their songs. Their three new songs are so meaningful and you can tell how hard they’ve worked and how much they love their fans.
Es lo mejor que he escuchado en toda mi vida, lloré de felicidad y sonreí durante todo el día, es muy hermoso
This anthology album provides an overview, not only BTS' evolution as a band, but also how THEY view their personal and collective growth over the years. It doesn't go chronologically by era as most anthologies do. But rather by highlights of the most significant tracks that hold special meaning to them as a group and to each personal artist. "Yet To Come" as a title track is everything that encompasses their 9 year growth ; filled with reassurance, maturity and humble self reflection. While Run BTS shows their ingenius level of innovation as if to say, "you ain't seen nothing yet." "Proof" is definitely proof of their success,but also serves as proof of their promise. That their best work is yet to come.
perfeito sem defeitos incrível obra prima arte, o melhor álbum já visto, amo demais, me ajudou muito e melhorou meu dia com o seu lançamento
PROOF el álbum de antología de BTS está lleno de éxitos. muy nostálgico para Army que sigue la carrera de BTS desde sus inicios.
I love this .. it's so beautiful.and just wow .
Lo ame, es toda la historia de nuestros chicos contada al crudo, desde sus inicios hasta lo que estar por venir, cada día sacan más y más obras de arte, los amor
BTS have captured their nine years of passion, determination and kindness in this anthology album. It tells the story of their journey from rookies with a dream to the biggest artists in the world, who still retain a connection to their humble beginnings. The variety and quality of their discography speaks for itself, but the most undeniable overarching message of the album is BTS’ love for ARMY. An unconditional, symbiotic love that will last throughout the ages.
PROOF is the perfect way to wrap up this epic chapter of BTS' musical career and open the way for the amazing next one to begin. If you've ever wanted to know more about BTS and their music, PROOF will enlighten and entertain you.
BTS can never disappoint, hit after hit and always coming out with bangers.
This album have so many beautiful songs like born singer , yet to come , for youth, spring day and the debut song I really recommend it I don’t know why people hate on them they make good songs those days the people are disgusting on hating a Korean group.
Proof ! A really enjoyable album ! It has got different genres of music and the creators have beautifully showed their creativity and artistic abilities. I recommend Listening to Yet To Come the title song of the album beside the amazing other tracks. Great anthology album BTS !
Very good anthology, it a good introduction to discover the boys. And it's really cool to have some demo and new song. This album concluded the first chapter of their career but the best is yet to come!
The album contains 35 different songs which vary in style and genre. All individual songs are very pleasing and contain a unique style to them. Overall the album is amazing and I would say that my top 3 songs would be yet to come, run bts & born singer
BTS's Proof album is a masterpiece from start to finish. The progression/order of songs is brilliant. Yet to Come, RUN BTS and For Youth bring forth different strengths of BTS. Album 3 is for ARMY. It's perfect.
Este álbum es perfecto, es realmente hermoso ya que contiene la historia de BTS, y aún si no eres un Army te aseguro que te gustará ya que tiene una amplia variedad de géneros musicales.
This album is an amazing tribute to the career of BTS so far and a beautiful gift to ARMY. From start to finish it's beautiful. You laugh, you cry, you dance, and you marvel at the angelic vocals and talented rap line. They work hard and it shows. There's not a single skip on the 3 CD set. The talent speaks for itself. The expert blending of genres, the brilliant lyrics, backing vocals, and sheer talent of the rap line and vocal lines. Listen for yourself. There's a reason these guys are the best in the game right now.
Hallo Army’s !!! BTS is back.This album is for us. Let’s celebrate together !?!!BTS
The title track Yet To Come, is so beautiful and tugs at my heart strings because its a call back to their younger selves and the Armys that joined them along the way from the beginning of their career.Everytime Run BTS comes on while I'm driving I gotta pull over to throw it back a couple times cuz it gets me so hype.For Youth is basically our wedding song. I love them so much and walking down memory lane with them on Proof is a treat and a blessing. Cheers and here's to a lifetime with BTS
this album is such a masterpiece, the songs are amazing and the lyrics are so beautiful, the rhythm, melody, everything is mind blowing, their anthology album marking their 9 years as a band in the music industry, it's a remarkable album, no words are enough to express its beauty
I love this Anthology album!!! What a great summary to BTS music career. They are so versatile with their genres and you can see it here in Proof. Obsessed with the new songs Yet to come and Run BTS! Everyone should give this album a listen.
The best album ever ive never had an album that makes me go through every single emotion loved it
El álbum Proof es un vistazo a toda la hermosa carrera de BTS, desde el debut mostrando su esencia, sin perderla hasta ahora; cada canción tiene un trasfondo, con un significado tan hermoso ante el mundo, era hora que vean quien es en realidad BTS, un grupo que ha revolucionado al mundo con sus letras donde expresa sus emociones y ayuda a darle motivación a las personas para que se sientan entendidos; me alegro de ver como cumplen sus sueños sin perder su identidad en el camino.
proof is a beautiful album, through it we can feel the love that bts feel for army and their career and it's very beautiful how they always try to pass this love on to their audience through music.
the new 3 tracks (+ born singer) have my heart! i hope they will turn Run BTS into a single, it’s so good. i also loved going on a trip down memory lane and re-listen to some of the amazing songs in BTS' discography! i wish they added black swan though, but i’m still satisfied with what we got :)
Un hermoso álbum. Me encantó de principio fin. Una antología de bts que te va llevando a través de los años y rememorando buenos momentos.
I have been with Bangtan for 9 years and with this album i can relive their early years again and appreciate their love for music again this album is amazing the new songs yet to come and for Youth are so beautiful and Run BTS is fire!! I love this album!!
These álbum is excellent, nostalgic, some tipe of travelling in time and see where they come from and all the hard work they had to bem where they are now. On the other side it's a "lesson of history" for those who are new in BTS to get to know their discografi
You need to listen to "run BTS" RIGHT NOW! Absolute masterpiece. WHAT A SONG!!
Amazing album, BTS has such an extensive discography that you are sure to find something that fits your musical taste. Well worth the price. It encompasses everything BTS is, was, and will become!
The 3 new songs are amazing. And so awesome that they included a cd of their demos. Highly recommend. This is truly a gift for army.
Being able to witness these guys' journey all throughout their entire career--right from their debut up to their latest-- in a single album, I finally understand how they are able to come so far in the present. With the sincere and ingenuous themes related to youth that they incorporate to their discography, many fans across all age brackets are able to resonate with the message that they wanted to send across through their music - even transcending the barriers of language.
Es un álbum muy especial. No cualquier artista tiene una antología. Y BTS es el primer acto asiático en sacar una. Todas sus canciones son muy buenas. Yet to come es una de mis favoritas balada con hip hop alternativo. Muy bonita letra. For youth es preciosa demuestra todo el amor que bts tiene por su fandom. Born singer es otro lado un sample en donde bts pone sus sentimientos y trayectoria y responden a los haters. Por último Run BTS es la más genial y demuestra que ellos pueden hacer música de todo tipo de géneros musicales, dijeron verdades y les cerro la boca a los antis y los que cuestionaban su género musical pensando que sólo hacían pop. Este es el cierre de un capítulo y eo comienzo de otro capítulo.
This is an amazing anthology! It really takes you through their journey as artists from the monster rookies they were to the global superstars they are today. It doesn't mayet if you were with them from the start or just for the last couple of days. This anthology album shows you their creative range, their growth as individusls and as artists in the last 10 years, and the timelessness of their songs.
This album shows how special the connection between BTS and armys are. How far they’ve come and how they were able to put it all together in an album is amazing. Wonderful album!!
great album! it starts off from songs from their debut continuing into their most recent music, and shows their development and growth as awesome artists.
Such a great album! It includes songs throughout their entire 9 years of career. It reflects on the journey BTS has went through to get to this point. I truly recommend this!
The Anthology album was released during their 9 yrs anniversary, to me it meant to be a celebration of their 9 yrs as BTS, planning to enter another decade with ARMY.I am waiting for the next chapter to come. The best is #YetToCome The Most Beautiful Moments Still to Come.
It’s a wonderful album, it contains so much history, so many memories. All the songs are beautiful and they all tell something, you can see the dedication they put into it, listening to it is a listening pleasure, it is simply exquisite for the ear.
A fantastic summary of the success of the 9 years of BTS. New songs are a beautiful love letter to themselves and their fans, ARMY.
Increíble sus tres canciones nuevas, faltan las que estan en solo cd pero esta antologia vale totalmente la pena
amazing anthology album that walks you through their music from their debut year to now. opening the album gives you photos and descriptions through each era and helps you get an understanding of their musical journey. Truly beautiful and amazing.
A gorgeous wrap up of the incredible 9 year journey that they’ve been on so far, and an even more incredible opening to a successful and bright future. BTS continue to deliver music authentically and shamelessly; wholeheartedly being themselves with everything they do.
Thank you BTS for another amazing album
The album is wonderful. I see a lot of passion and dedication from the members in the new songs. Their voices are excellent, as always. The three new songs are perfect gifts for the armys, just wonderful. I also see a great choice of songs that have already been released and I really appreciate the demos. Just a perfect album.
The album is so amazing. They truly speak to their fans through their music. Everyone should listen!!
BTS play a huge part in my life, I've been with them since 2018 and even though it's not from the beginning, I know what they went through and this album is the /proof/ they can overcome anything with Army by their side.
Beautiful album highlighting the musical journey BTS has embarked on the last 9 years. Gives a nice sampling of their different genres through the years. Absolutely perfect
Este álbum recopilatorio nos muestra el gran trabajo que ha hecho BTS a lo largo de estos 9 años. Ellos tienen una amplia discografía, desde rap, hiphop, r&b, pop, pop rock, electro pop, etc. Por favor, dense la oportunidad de escuchar la música de BTS, no se dejen llevar por los haters, fans locos.
Amazing album as always, so proud of BTS. So much talent and beautiful vocals. Unmatched. BTS paved the way!
Great anthology! Perfect for looking at their work through time and the new songs sound fresh and heartfelt. Can’t wait for the next chapter!
This is my first BTS album and it did not disappoint! The new songs are so amazing and heart-felt and the old songs bring back so many memories from first discovering BTS and listening to their discography. You can really tell BTS put so much thought and effort into making this album just for ARMY and themselves. Thank you, Tannies, for this gift!
one of the best album so far! this album made me feel so many emotions! bangtan really never disappoint!!
It is such a beautiful album that means so much to BTS and ARMY. You can tell by the songs that were chosen, the new songs, and the settings of the music video for Yet To Come, that this was a personal album meant for ARMY and the members. It is a wonderful and heartfelt album and encompasses the whole of BTS’s career while also highlighting their love for their fans.
I especially LOVE the demos in the CD 3! J-hope’s demo vers of DNA is such a revelation!
It was such a great anthology album from a legendary artists like BTS. The songs in the album is indeed a proof why they're successful. I don't have anything much to say, I just really love the album especially the three new songs – Yet to Come, Run BTS, and For Youth 'tho all of their songs are really good. This album is a gift for their fans as they finally reached 9 years in the music industry and are able to close their chapter 1. Now that the first chapter is done, we're all expecting for another chapter or let's say we are all
This album saved my life. Every new song i liked it, don't matter if it has songs I'd already heard, it feels like the first time.
This is an anthology album which contains the unforgettable hits of BTS career and also three new special song about dreams, future, past, love, hope, and learnings. I’m obsessed with the album!
Such great album this definitely bts best work, Run bts is the stand out . Proof offers poignant reflection and an optimistic invitation into the future. The biggest boyband in the world wrap up their first nine years together with a stunning tribute to their story so far
very good bts never let us down I loved their new song I loved their new album
As músicas inéditas trazem consigo toda uma história e tudo faz sentindo se vc puder ver tudo desde o início, incrível!
it’s so good to listening, the bts army will understand how important and how emotional is PROOF to the boys and the fans. i love how the musics make me feel in the haven.
Proof is a beautiful album, perfect and full of meaning, it tells the beautiful but not easy trajectory of 7 Korean singers. It unites the past, the present and the hope that the best is yet to come.
soo good, my fav songs on the album are run bts, born singer, yet to come, for youth, and seesaw
Documents the journey that BTS has gone on. Along with new songs representing past, present, and future. Fantastic album.
I loved this album so much
it's not just a new album, it's a new way of living music. honestly, bts' projects get better and better every year. really excited to see what's coming next!
Muito bom, a primeira vez que ouvi o bts e com certeza quero me tornar fã são incríveis, a batida é contagiante com certeza run bts é a melhor música
Everything in this album is amazing and incredible! I love it! BTS rocking like always!
Um álbum com tantos sentimentos bons, com uma linda história e um amor inexplicável!! Eu amei
The best anthological album I could experience listening to, at the moment. BTS knows how to do it
melhor álbum que eu já ouvi na minha vida, bts nunca erra, uma verdadeira obra prima
the Proof album is a unique and especially precious album. The chosen songs and the unreleased ones bring feelings and good memories.
just absolutely amazing. their journey told through their songs, the album is absolutely captivating and worth the wait. please listen to the album if you can :)
A great album, which has great meaning for ARMY, something outsiders never understood!! I love their writing, their production, their charisma, everything! I recommend it wholeheartedly.
A wonderful album, deserves all the love in the world! I felt welcomed and was able to relive each era of BTS. These seven guys put all their love, genius and effort into every job.
Amazing album with wonderful musics old and news! A way to news fans know about their old musics like a timeline
I’m very happy with the album I’m a new ARMY and is my first album I’m glad I have all the collections of their song in one
Good..lagu yg bagus bisa masuk kesemua kalangan...9 tahun perjuangan BTS dan ARMY
Intimate. Well writen songs. Voices of angels. It’s the best album of 2022, for sure.
The song is just what the fans expected. full of nostalgic thing and reviewing all of their career. Great choices for them to do the Anthology Album. because i believe, the new fans and old fans will havr the same feeling while listening to the full album. and that is, the reason why they love this group.
Basically,I love all the songs in this proof album.Different genre of their music all packed together in one Album(PROOF), literally amazing!!From the title track :YET TO COME, to the last but not the least song on the album ,keeps me going with excitement and thrilled with emotions! You can definitely feel the growth,love and prosperity!
Это прекрасный альбом-антология, включающий в себя старые песни бтс, благодаря которым можно проследить весь путь становления бантан как артистов, и 3 новых трека, глубинный смысл которых в полной мере отражает философии бтс
The best about this álbum is every single music is so good , its The bts history in there so i love you proof , please listen and spread The love
very good! so amazing the new album I love it. They're so perfect, I proud of you
9 anos de bts, e que venha mais 9 e mais 9, bts sempre será eterno, desejo toda felicidade profissional e pessoal pra esses meninos porque eles merecem por ser as pessoas mais incríveis e amáveis q existe nesse mundo
Best album ever, BTS is on top for a reason, they are so talent, humble and create amazing music. Run bulletproof run yeah you gotta runn.
Esse com certeza foi o melhor álbum que já escutei na minha vida. É simplesmente uma obra de arte.
This album is the ultimate proof of Bangtan’s journey to the top; they started as an underdog from a bankrupt company but through their hard work they made it and now they’re the biggest group in the world. Armys will always be by their side ♡ OH AND RUN BTS IS THE SONG OF THE YEAR
Including the best songs of their career, 3 awesome new tracks, and a CD with amazing demos, this album is to me a 10/10.
I love this album, a collection of remarkable songs from 9 years of history. You will find songs from different styles and none of them will disappoint you. A real work of art
This is just so amazing omg, the sound and everything, is totaly special, muito bom mesmo sério, ouçam e dem stream na lenda perfeita
This is a stunning anthology spanning their 9-year career. I am impressed with the diversity of styles and you can really hear their growth through the years. A phnenomenally curated album of just a tiny smattering of their 300+ song catalogue. Well done!
Best album I've ever heard. On repeat for life!! Everyone sang and rapped to the highest standard, and are undoubtedly the best in music at the moment. Amazing artistry and amazing voices! I especially love the vibe of the entire thing!
Apenas uma obra de arte, as músicas que já conhecemos é uma boa lembrança de como o BTS tem apenas trabalhos incríveis e as novas músicas são impecáveis, mostra o quanto eles conseguem inovar e transitar entre estilos e gêneros.
Proof is the entire history of Bangtan so far, a perfect way to loose yourself in memories of the past succes and wait for the future masterpiece this seven boys from South Korea have in store
so uma experiencia incrível ainda mais para os fãs que já estão a mais tempo ou acabaram de chegar
amazing album. full of heart, you can see their journey and growth through their music in this anthology
such a good album. they never disappoint!! a variety of genres and not a single skip
Me encanta es un buen album todas las canciones de este album proff son arte te demaciados sentimientos bts trabajo mucho para este albúm y se puede ver todo el empeño y dedicación le dieron a este albúm♡
excelente álbum, con la recopilación de éxitos de los últimos 9 años, un viaje por su crecimiento personal y artístico En realidad fue lo mejor?Porque solo me interesa ver el despuésCon esfuerzo, pasamosPor todos los días de ayerDe una manera muy lindaSí, el pasado fue realmente lo mejorPero mi mejor es lo que viene en seguidaNo estoy bromeando, no, es en serioRumbo a ese díaHasta que yo ya no tenga alientoTú y yo, el mejor momento aún está por llegarEl momento aún está por llegar, síTodos, no estoy seguro desde cuandoEmpezaron a decir que somos los mejoresTodos esos nombres desconocidosAhora son solamente cosas que cargarNos gustaba la músicaSolo corríamos por lo nuestroPrometo que seguiremosVolviendo por másEn algún lugar en el fondo de tu corazónAún vive un niñitoMi momento aún está por llegarAún está por llegar(¿Tú tienes un sueño? ¿Cómo será el fin de ese camino?El momento aún está por llegar, sí(En el silencio de la noche, no dejamos de movernos)Aún está por llegar(Vamos a tocar el cielo ante de que el día se acabe)El momento aún está por llegar, sí(Esto es solo el comienzo, lo mejor aún está por llegar)En algún momento nos pusieron etiquetas desagradablesTodavía nos avergüenza que nos digan que somos los mejoresSabes, tan solo me gusta la músicaLas cosas no han cambiado tanto desde aquel momentoProbablemente, si te digo que no han cambiado tantoMe vas a decir que todo eso es mentira, síYo he cambiado bastantePero nada ha cambiadoUn nuevo capítulo
just perfect. it's the perfect album, have everything and more! the new songs are just amazing, rythm and lyrics CHEF KISS. this is a work of art!
Chorei, chorei e chorei Foi tão bom lembrar de tudo oq aconteceu até aqui e ter essas 3 faixas novas Run BTS
the album shows how flawless BTS has been since their debut, deserving to be the top of the world as they are now. the new songs are amazing, touching and meaningful for a fan and also very excited. you can always expect the best from BTS because they will never deliver less.
Definitivamente são músicas especiais para o fandom, as lembranças e momentos difíceis apenas fortaleceram os meninos e é bem explícito no álbum
spectacular album! just sensational! i loved every part of it, the fact that they put on old songs and told their story was touching
É o melhor presente que o Army poderia ter recebido, com músicas que tocam nossa alma e nos dão força para seguir em frente!
I was initially disappointed when I found out this album would only have 3 new songs. However, when the album came out and I listened to all of the songs, including CD 3, I was able to truly appreciate how beautiful this album is. They have an amazing discography that really tells their story and reminds the listeners of everything they’ve been through and are still going through. It’s hard being at the top and their new songs express that but also express hope for their new chapter. This message especially resonates with fans who are similar to their age and have also left their youth behind. It’s easy to believe that your best years are behind you but “yet to come” gives me hope that this doesn’t need to be the case. Additionally, CD 3 was a fun addition and insight into the music making process. I can’t wait to see what comes next. They made me believe that the best really is yet to come.
This album is SO GOOD, it's SO BEAUTIFUL! The lyrics of each song are so meaningful and the melodies are so nice to listen to. PROOF is proven to make people's day much better. I'm so grateful that this kind of album exists, I'm so grateful BTS exist bacause they literally make the world so much better.
this is the best album in the world bts as always delivered another impeccable album with amazing songs, i loved every second and i think 10 is still not enough to express how good this album is
This album is AHHHHHMAZING!
Bts bts bts BTS bts bts bts BTS BTS bts
This anthology album is truly the proof of their dedication and hardwork throughout the years. It's amazing...
incrível, deslumbrante, inigualável, fora do comum, emocionante, despertou meu melhor e pior lado, sem igual
The bests of the world!!! BTS absolutely historic with their album! My boys
Album of the year Album of the year Album of the year Album of the year Album of the year
one of the best albums, the feeling passed through the songs and why the album is like this is fascinating and incredible
O álbum é completo, tem estilo de música para variados gostos e preferências. E especialmente dedicado para as ARMY’s sejam elas antigas ou novas, mostrando a trajetória até onde eles chegaram hoje, com 3 músicas inéditas, sendo uma dedicada aos fãs. Ansiosas para meu álbum chegar. O melhor álbum do ano!Brasilestá aguardando vocês!
As an ARMY, this album is everything to me. It encompasses the journey that Bangtan and ARMY have shared. It demonstrates how much we've been through together, how much we've endured and successfully came out stronger through. This album, to an ARMY, is a gift. A gift that also graces the music industry with quality music created through hard work, love and so much love and passion for what they do. Thank you, Bangtan, for this album. I hope you know how much you are loved.
a masterpiece, an impeccable anthropology! the group's discography is like no other and you can feel everything they wanted to convey in their work
An album with a story behind it is hard to see these days and "Proof" is a great name for this compilation of 35 songs with different meanings and contexts. This work is amazing.
It's a huge gift for the fans and it's definitely an album that brings together the most memorable songs of their career. The quality of the album, as always impeccable.
Um dos melhores Álbuns do BTS. MERECE NOTA MILLLL.SÃO 9 ANOS DE SUCESSO E HUMILDADE. ESTES RAPAZES TRILHARAM UM CAMINHO COM OBSTÁCULOS, PORÉM VENCERAM TODOS. O MELHOR AINDA ESTÁ POR VIR.
Um ótimo álbum!! Acompanho esses garotos há anos, e esse álbum me tocou de diversas maneiras!! Muito bom!!
Simplesmente uma das coisas mais magníficas que eu já escutei na minha vida. Não consigo parar são completamente viciantes, eles são O momento ❤️❤️❤️❤️
BTS never disappoints. I loved the whole album so much and it got the attention it deserves. Thank you Kim Namjoom, Kim Seokjin, Min Yoongi, Jung Hoseok, Park Jimin, Kim Taehyung and Jeon Jungkook for everything you've done for ARMY. You saved so many lives and you vave us friends and offered us a space where we feel at home. Thank you again and I love you. ARMY is going to be by your side every step of the way, forever.
THE BEST. Once again these seven impressed us, I'm very happy and satisfied with the album
An excellent end to the first chapter of their career, Proof is a recap of BTS’ work over the past 9 years alongside three new songs.
INCREDIBLY AMAZING ALBUM! Contains tons of hits from all eras and is simply outstanding, has different genres and can make one get lost in their music and find their true selves in it! You can hear it for eternity and more and still find it refreshing! A historical masterpiece, that contains bops and hits from all phases of their life! A must buy and highly recommened!! A rollercoaster ride of emotions that will take you on a memorial and nostalgic journey of major historical events in their life that led to their utter success! There's a reason why millions of people find BTS' music captivating, Lovable, addictive , healing and enjoyable and this is a must have heavenly experience!! All hearts for this SUPER SPLENDID ALBUM!!
I love everything about this album. As a new Army I love that I can relive all their past works and have a hard copy on hand. This album was blood sweat tears of 9 years of organic growth leading up to becoming the worlds biggest band. Their talent got me curious but their sincerity authenticity and character kept me here for life! Their is none like the relationship between BTS and ARMY. And this album is true special gift to ARMY.
I loved it, the best album ever. The songs are amazing, and "run bts" is my favorite. I cried when listening to "for youth" I was so thrilled. I really loved the album.
It was amazing,so beautiful, and what a wonderful album,must listen yo to it,worth it
This album shown the group talent as proof how they are become the biggest group in the worldTheir discography has wide range of genres that all delivered perfectly by 7 amazing diff voices that shown why BTS music can fit anyone taste 8f they willing to forgo the prejudicesYet To Come is perfect title track that show case their journey n optimism for the future Run BTS is proof why 7 diff vocal n rap can make any song shine brightly as BTS songFor Youth is a love song for their fans BTS ARMY..an emotional touching songMy fav stand out delivery will be SUGA Jhope lines on Yet To Come and Run BTS but all of them make all the songs shineThere are no other group who can make 7 individual voices perfectly blend a song to stand out like a diamond
É o melhor álbum de 2022 sem dúvidas, os maiores da indústria musical e falo totalmente com tranquilidade!!! Muito stream em proof
The best album of the year. BTS never fail to show how much they love us through everything they do. I love this album
Only artists like BTS can be able to release something like this and manage to maintain their magnificence. The album is the perfect celebration of the wonderful story that these 7 guys have been writing with such sensitivity and passion in almost 10 years of career.
Simplesmente é uma honra receber esse álbum como Army que admira e apoia toda a caminhada que 7 garotos tiveram para que chegassem, hoje, como 7 homens com a mesma alma artística, genial, humilde e gentil de sempre. Guardarei essa antologia com carinho, pois sem essas músicas, o bangtan não existiria como existe hoje. É celebrar o que ja foi feito e aguardar com carinho o que está por vir.
This album is so beautiful. It's a compilation of such an important chapter of BTS×ARMY history. The 3 new songs are so different, and yet they carry the identity of the group. It's genius.
This is a superbly crafted anthology album ties old hip hop beats and timeless BTS classics with their newer hip hop, pop and ballads. The members chose songs which reflect their journey from underdogs in a fierce music industry to worldwide conquerors, overcoming barriers of language and bias with great music and a message of self-love and respect. The three disc set includes three new tracks new tracks and never before heard demos. It is beautifully presented in two versions- compact or standard - both of which include a book of photos. Either edition is worthy of your time and purchase.
Llevo siguiendo a BTS desde el año 2017 y cada uno de sus álbums es completamente diferente, con nuevas emociones y sentimientos y sobre todo, con historias de vida reales. Proof es como un regalo, un recorrido por el primer capítulo de BTS, rememorando los buenos momentos y los malos.. las victorias y las fallas, la felicidad y tristeza, las dificultades, su sangre, sudor y lágrimas durante el trayecto. Yet To Come, RUN BTS y For Youth son tracks que cierran esta primer etapa de su vida como artistas con broche de oro. ¡No puedo esperar a ver lo que depara para estas maravillosas siete personas y sus próximas historias!
Super great.....this album dedicated for ARMY
proof is an amazing album! bts are always surprising in quality and sound!
São músicas que retratam toda a trajetória deles e cada uma tem um significado especial, eles não brincam quando se trata de fazer um bom álbum
Been ARMY since 2014. Proof just gives me great joy seeing BTS' rise organically and gradually. This album is proof (pun intended) that great artistry and sincerity lasts and celebrated and continues to be celebrated. Theres no language barrier when it comes to music, especially to amazing music such as BTS'. The selection of the songs in the album is chef's kiss. A chronicle of BTS' art over the years. This is why ARMY supports them. BTS the best!
Um ótimo álbum, as músicas são muito boas e não tem como negar o talento dos artistas. As novas músicas estão muito bem produzidas. Está sensacional.
Un álbum de antología que recopila las grandes canciones desde el debut hasta la actualidad, simplemente una obra de arte.
beyond impressed with the artistry and love shared within this anthology. run bts slaps.
Amei todas as músicas e também toda a história por trás do conceito do álbum!
Proof is an album where all essence of BTS lives. With old and young songs and all their history, the album shows to the public why BTS are the biggest group in th world and all the blood, sweat and tears they dropped to be where they are.
The album is a collection of BTS hits throughout their 9 year career. The songs are amazing and really capture the type of music and message BTS have stood for since day 1. Great album I would definitely recommend everyone to take a listen.
Awesome album. In celebration of the group's 9 years. The songs are amazing and we as armys are happy for this achievement of the boys.
The best album of 2022, the new songs and the olds ones are truly perfect!!!
I love this album! I love all 3 of the new songs and I am so happy that their older songs are getting the recognition it deserves.. this anthology album was an amazing idea! Thank you BTS!!
Un maravilloso álbum lleno de 9 años de carrera, con distintos géneros y mensajes en cada una de las letras que nos demuestran las habilidades y talentos de Bangtan como grupo y como artistas individuales. Una inmersión a un poco de su mundo y como es que han logrado impactará positivamente en cada uno de sus fans
best anthology album ever, run bts is a real masterpiece and yet to come and forever youth is full of feelings, love it
Eu realmente amo esse album,cada faixa remete a história do BTS,não consigo descrever o quanto eu amo yet to come,rub bts e for youth
Álbum pra lembrar bons momentos, a carreira toda deles e que fizeram eles chegarem muito longe.
That's the better album a I've listened in my life!! It's really good, the 3 new songs are amazing! My favorite is absolutely "Run BTS" it's awesome!!
Everything an anthology album should be! Their successes, their history, their path to become what they are today. The best way to end a chapter because the best is yet to come
the music is perfect de voices are very beutiful,the melodies are perfect and the producers are incredible
I absolutely love this albumanother amazing album as expected from BTS i totally recommend it!
album perfeito, sem defeito algum!! title track super gostosa de ouvir, run bts me faz dançar como uma maluca e for youth me faz chorar igual a uma criança. OU SEJA, O MELHOR SIMMM, STREAM NAS LENDAS
I really really love this album. The songs are top tier! I really don't regret buying this album. It's worth it!
O melhor álbum antológico q ja foi feito (Michael Jackson tbm hehe) escutem as três músicas inéditas são muito boas!! yet to come, run bts e for youth

Every time BTS releases an album we can see how brilliant they are and this time is no different, PROOF shows us the evolution in their music and how they have matured artistically over the years, this album is for sure ravishing. BTS is the kind of artist that we can look forward to what they release in the future, because they will definitely blow you away.
probably one of the best albums i’ve ever bought. if you have a brain, you’ll enjoy it. :)
BTS' "Proof," is a very special anthology album. It tells the story of the artists' work from their debut in 2013 to present day. The humble and tireless young men have declared the end of their first chapter of work, and are looking forward to their next chapter of work, knowing that the best is yet to come. The first disc showcases their work from debut to present, demonstrating the diversity of their work, from taunting hip-hop jabs to emotional ballads reflecting on finding meaning and belonging in an ultimately senseless and lonely world. The second disc features solo and unit work, allowing each member of the BTS team to shine as an individual. Over time, the youthful and passionate artists have gained skills in producing and writing lyrics to create music that is meaningful, both to themselves and their fans. The third disc, which is unavailable for digital purchase and must be bought as a physical CD, is a love note dedicated to fans. It contains a peek behind the curtain of the creative process, comprised of demos and unreleased songs. If the listener keeps an open-mind and holds back superficial judgement regarding "k-pop" as a genre, I am confident they will find many tracks enjoyable and relatable to their own experience. At the end of the day, BTS are a rare voice of inspiration among a cynical generation, encouraging their fans to overcome hardship and fly high to achieve their dreams.
Álbum perfect ..os maiores sim BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS 33HORA bem como a atual evito de fazer stream BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS BTS
The best album i’ve ever heard! BTS outdoes themselves with each release, and this anthology album shows all of their effort and dedication over time to showcase their music. They are incredible artists, and their three new songs are unique, each one bringing indescribable emotions to anyone who listens to them!
This is sooo good!! I really love it. BTS's albums is never dissapoint me. Esp Run BTS is sooo lit and i'm addicted of this song.
A perfect album to signify the close of one chapter of BTSs journey and the beginning of a new one. Happy these 7 glorious men are together and I pray they remain together forever.
this is the best album I've ever listened to. it has all their hits and most beautiful songs they made through this 9 years, not only that but giving a message in the title that only a true fan would understand. I’m a fan of mmultiple artists, and I admit that this is the only work that made my tears fall out of joy :(
If you want to meet BTS or you are just getting to know them, this album is ideal to get into their greatest hits, it's the essence of BTS. Highly recommended! Involves many emotions.
É um álbum incrível, gostei muito dele, algumas músicas nele são inéditas.
Album íntimo dedicado para os fãs, deu para perceber que eles colocaram muito sangue, suor e lágrimas para criar esse presente! Muito obrigada BTS!
this album is just so good! from top to bottom you can listen to it and be totally immersed in the BTS world. actually so good.
The best album i ever heard.Run bts is sooo catchy yet to come is so hopeful, i get so happy when i listen to it, youth is literally tears, if you wanna cry this song is on spotify
This album is an incredible gift both for those who have followed BTS since the beginning, and for those who have known them for a short time, it was worth every penny invested, I would buy them all if possible.Delighted with every detail!
Love this album. This album has meaningful for BTS and Army. For Army and Army only.
I like albums and songs with beautiful or important meanings, proof is perfection
the album is perfect
O maior álbum de todos, BTS entregou tudo com essa antologia aos 9 anos de carreira. O comeback foi simplesmente o mais lindo e o mais esperado!
This album changed my life. BTS growing everyday and this album is the proof for it
Buenísimo como todos sus álbumes
esse álbum é muito bom, contém vários gêneros musicais diferentes e mesmo assim não perde a essência do bts
I love this album ...keep shinning guys ,you always give your 100% in your music ♡
Excelente escolha de músicas para uma antologia. Ótimo para os army e novos armys, realmente um história contada.
Proof é um álbum que não traz apenas seus maiores sucessos, que fizeram com que eles começassem por algum lugar ou que trouxessem algo diferente na indústria musical. O álbum também contém demos, versões de músicas já compartilhadas, porém com aspectos diferentes, feitas no momento inicial de suas composições.O que quero dizer é que BTS é um grupo completo, onde além de serem vocais, rappers e dançarinos. Também são compositores e produtores. Eles se expressam em suas letras colocando o mundo real nelas. Músicas batidas? Não com BTS. Eles cantam vários gêneros músicais e são capazes de expandir e surpreender a cada nova música.Talvez até hoje o mundo ainda não esteja preparados para os fenômenos que eles são e não tão cedo isso vai acontecer. Talento é o sobrenome deles.
It's been 9 years, what a great discography these guys have, it's been amazing to be part of this journey with them I'm so proud.A easy listen for sure, the new songs are also nostalgic and have each their way of saying "we made it".
Esse sem dúvida foi um dos melhores álbuns as músicas novas são fora de série de tão boas e as antigas sem comentário Os melhores
incredible album, the best ever, everything i’ve wanted! the new songs are very different from each other and are very special to army, they’re all so beautiful!! and of course the old ones we already know its all amazing!!!! the best artists in the world!
The album is meaningful and a gift, the new songs are so touching that only those who follow them can feel that essence.
Best album ever, the new and old songs are just amazing, love it very much. BTS you guys made a very good job, thank you so much for this piece of art
Lindo! As referências de uma carreira inteira, só quem realmente é fã sabe o quanto cada detalhe vale.Muito orgulho dos meus meninos!
Proof is the best album I've ever seen and bought. All the songs in this album are very good and cool. You have to buy it because there are old songs and remixes of old ones. There are around 30 songs in total so you won't be bored. BTS Borahae
A love anthem for their fans, this album brings back one of BTS' best songs as well as demo versions which is something the fans lingered for a long time. Proof also is the best way an outsider could get to know BTS. :)
Honestly it’s an amazing way to end of their first chapter of their music career especially bringing out some of their best songs from their discography
Não tem o que dizer é perfeito assim como tudo que eles fazem aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
this anthology album is literally the best it gives us insight of their eras..how rich their discography is
Album incrivel maravilhoso fantastico. Impecavel magnifico bonito. Perfeito
This album is simply amazing, despite being antalic, you know the quality of BTS' work and these three unreleased songs were what I needed, something new with something old and very good quality. I LOVED it, thank you BTS!
This album is amazing. I love that the first disk takes you on a quick tour of BTS's discography. The songs are amazing and the entire disk is a bob. The second cd has a selection of solo, unit and group songs. the last cd had demos and songs not released before. The new songs are the chefs kiss. For youth is touching and sentimental. Yet again is comforting and hopeful and BTS Run is straight fire. I love the way they played with some new sounds and textures. I can't stop listening to these songs. BTS are true artists.
Tao incrível, único reunindo músicas que sao hinos conhecidos pelo random que contam hisptrias dos meni os onde sempre eles nos dará orgulho!! Além da versão compact onde ha uma supresinha assim como no set!
This is such a beautiful & impactful album. It far exceeded my expectations
It’s a really good album 10/10 would always recommend. All them members worked really hard on this so please give good feedback !!!
Um álbum muito bom. Ótimos vocais e referências. Tudo pensamento nos mínimos detalhes
The songs in this album is perfect!!! Explain the band discography perfectly and gracefully. Love for them
Proof is the first anthology album released by South Korean boy band BTS on June 10, 2022 via Big Hit Music. The album's first single, "Yet to Come", was released on the same day. TIME Magazine: “Proof is a fitting summary of a career that broke records, moved hearts and changed history. We can only hope that by listening to it, BTS themselves can find joy in how far away they are.
The best album of 2022, it's an antology and prooves that BTS has a wonderful history and has a bright future. I hope everyone that buys this album enjoys it as I did.
Amei o álbum! É ótimo aproveitar um álbum que explora todo o histórico musical impecável do grupo.
Llevo 5 años a su lado y estoy orgullosa de la calidad del trabajo que siempre ofrecen , son excelentes artistas y excelentes seres humanos
Simplesmente perfeito,amei cada detalhe cada música, BTS como sempre entregando tudo
For anyone who enjoys listening to music that takes you on a journey, BTS's anthology Proof is an absolute must listen. Each track perfectly showcases the band through the various eras of their career. I can't get enough of this album.
Very good, perfect and very well done. For Youth is the best song I've ever heard in my life
this album is a proof for the past 9 years of bts, they worked hard and gave us music we can relate too, no matter where are in this world their music can touch your heart and make you feel comfortable. they understand you and loves you and they make their feelings really clear in their music. they worked hard in the past 9 years and they will continue to work hard toward the future, with army beside them.
This album is so amazing, I will never get tired of listening to it, the song RUN BTS is the best without a doubt, it doesn't leave my repeat!!!!
Just beautiful, very emotional and nostalgic, loved every single bit of it.
Excelente álbum, no conocía muchas de sus canciones y gracias a este álbum muchas de sus canciones me han gustado. Y sus nuevas canciones me encantan aún mas
An excellent album, rich in lyrics and rhythms. It contains the 9 years of BTS's career, with multiple musical genres that completely hypnotize you. Once you start listening to it, you won't be able to stop until you finish it.
This album is litterally just *chèfs kiss*. Been listening to it nonstop since it dropped !! Yet to come and For youth always tears me up..... but RUN BTS is an absolute BANGERRRRR!!!! in conclusion, BTS' DISCOGRAPHY IS WITHOUT SKIPS AND THIS IS THE PROOF
The best anthalogy album! It contains so many genre and BTS make it work. How they list the tracklist is also fantastic the song from the very begining to what we would anticipate nextYTC is an emotional journey and a promise that thy comeback to ARMYRUN BTS is lit. It's a mix of rock and hiphopAnd For Youth simply pit as a song for ARMY
BTS chose a perfect time to release their first anthology album - Proof. It's closing a chapter of their career with reflection and showing their 'proof' as to why they are so beloved- it's because of their music. This anthology is composed of 3 discs covering their vast discography over the past 9 years. Disc 1 is composed of all their title tracks (non-stop hits after hits and it's a win with Born Singer being officially released and Yet To Come as the title track), while Disc 2 is composed of songs (including sub-unit and solos and the new superstar B-side song, Run BTS) that the members selected that may not have received the limelight and demonstrates their versatility, and Disc 3 is purely for the fandom (ARMY) full of unreleased demos and songs, and I personally loved this disc as it demonstrates a bit more into their music making process - what could have been and a new song dedicated to the fans, 'For Youth.' I truly enjoyed this anthology, especially the new and the unreleased songs, but have been listening to all three discs from end to end. It's going to be very exciting to see what BTS will do after this anthology but in the meantime, I have this incredible anthology to keep me happy until then.
i loved this album, it just brought me a peace that no other song has made me feel
OMG !!!! Bts as always killed it, like it's so good,bts truly never disappoints, this album is amazing, and it's very close to every army's heart, thank you bts for always giving good music to this world
BTS mostrou pra aqueles que dizia que eles só tinham músicas boas antes de todo esse sucesso, que músicas boas eles continuam fazendo , única diferença é que agora eles tem o sucesso e recordes que muitos artistas URL como privilégios ainda não conseguiu alcançar.
Simplesmente arrebatador. Com esse álbum antológico, o BTS prova seu valor como artistas e consolida o seu lugar como ícones mundiais do pop. O PROOF não só é uma viagem nostálgica para os fãs sobre a história inspiradora do grupo, mas também um convite para o público em geral conhecer uma discografia eclética, cheia de hits e capaz de agradar todos os gostos. Estou ansiosa e animada para acompanhar os próximos passos desse fenômeno global.
This new album by BTS is an anthology, which basically means it's got a record of their past songs as well as some new songs. What I like the most about this album is that the effort they have put in each of their songs, past and present, shines through it and it makes the album very special for us ARMYs. From a critical point as well, this album is not only the highlisht of their career but puts on stage the best they have to offer thus appealing both to the general public and us, their fans.
Nunca pensei que eles lançariam um álbum antológico. Foi uma grande surpresa, muito bem vinda, esse álbum possui alma e corpo ouví-lo é uma experiência incrível
Incredible!!! Amazing!! A beautiful display of such a vast discography acting as evidence of nine years of hard work and talent.
i love it !!! it is nostalgic to the fans who are gonna be listening to the old song again since they are so good and it can be a introduction to the people who aren't fans but want to listen too, yet to come is a beautiful song who talks about all the way since 2013 to here, with several references to old mvs. for youth is a song made for the fans and shows all the love they have for ARMYs. run bts it's an upbeat song, with lyrics that make you want to jump and scream while singing and the raps are just brilliant! certainly one of the best albums i've ever seen.
Proof me impressionou completamente, as músicas novas, cada uma teve um baque diferente em mim, eu amei cada segundo delas. Proof trás também algumas das músicas mais icônicas do bts, este álbum analógico é realmente uma obra de arte.
I love it a little too much that i bought 2 versions of it. Worth every penny. If you're reading this, i know that you're also currently listening to every song of bts since everyone is obsessed with them :D yes this comment goes both ways :D
It has beautiful and cheerful tracks that I love so much...beautiful and respectful
A wonderful compilation of their lead tracks and personal picks for songs. Lead track for this anthology, "Yet To Come" is really a song for the fandom, ARMY, as is the track "For Youth." Love it
O melhor álbum do momento!!! BTS como sempre sendo os melhores em tudo que fazem.
INCREDIBLY AMAZING ALBUM! Contains tons of amazing songs from all eras and is simply outstanding, has different genres and can make one get lost in their music and find their true selves in it! You can hear it for eternity and more and still find it refreshing! A historical masterpiece,
This album is really a proof of how consistent but still surprising artist BTS are, they have an unique and absolutely incredible discography and the new songs come to be part of the masterpieces they made! Honored to be their ARMY, to live in the same time of such good, talented and respectful artists and people ♡
Wow! this is perfect, it's the best album BTS only has good music! bts is life
It contains 9 years of great diverse music, I loved it!Some of my favourites are Spring day, Run BTS and Born singer.
THIS ALBUM NOT ONLY SAVED THE MUSIC INDUSTRY BUT THE WORLD AS WELL
Nine year history of an amazing band written on one amazing record, I love its exquisite variety of genres, production and songwriting.
Simplesmente incrível! Quem é fã de longa data consegue entender a importância desse álbum tanto para o BTS, quanto para para nós. As demos perfeitas e que nos levam para anos atrás, as músicas feitas para nós. Dá um sentido de importância ao Army que nenhum outro artista conseguiria dar aos seus fãs
álbum antológico 10/10, perfeito em todos os sentidos, letra, musicalidade e produção
Saved my life, listened to it once and it instantly changed my life. Too good
perfeito álbum maravilhosissimo obra divina, cada musica tem cada detalhe perfeitamente perfeito
Best K-pop album of 2022! the tracks are amazing. Run BTS is the best track makes you feel happy.
Simplesmente inexplicável a forma como eles trabalham duro e sempre entregam o melhor para os fãs! Artistas incríveis fazem álbuns incríveis, proof é a prova disso.
É um álbum maravilhoso, muito bem feito. Amei muito as músicas e todo o álbum em si.
This is the best album in the world, BTS is incredible. It's awesome how like the musics travel in the stile like Yet to come,For youth and finally RUN BTS (this is my favorite track lol).
The whole album is just everything, I love it so much and I’m so happy that I got to listen to this masterpiece. I recommend you to listen to it and i know you’ll love it as well!!
all the songs on this album are very good, this song tells of their struggle from the ground up until now. so for those of you who don't know anything by giving a bad rating please stop.
A escolha das músicas para a antologia foi sucinta. É possível relembrar todas as eras, e entender o quão incrível eles são. As músicas novas também não deixam a desejar, exprimindo bem a essência da primeira fase da carreira deles.
The 3 new tracks on the album sound amazing and sound different, but still sound like BTS. This album is the perfect opportunity for people who are interested in becoming fans of BTS.
This one is seriously the best each and every single track is just so good I'm loving it
I honestly enjoyed track called Run BTS. I Like the mash of hiphop/rock undertone it has. Yet to come is nice hopeful song.
Perfeito, uma verdeira obra de arte, esse álbum é simplesmente incrível, bts maus uma vez fazendo tudo!!
Is the most beautiful album in life! This is a celebration of everything they have achieved with their talent and hard work! 9 years together with army and I’m proud to be part of this incredible journey! I hope we can write more stories together!
músicas maravilhosas, BTS nunca erra
É simplesmente incrível, as músicas novas excelentes, típicas da qualidade do BTS. Sem contar a nostalgia de todas as outras.
This album chronicles the impressive nine year history of Bangtan Sonyeondan. Even as a devoted fan, I feel the rawness and the journey anew when I listen to their anthology. Their three new tracks all encapsulate their history and their relationship with not only each other but with their fans. This is the album I hope people check out when they get curious about that band with Seven Normal Guys from Korea.
I just loved it Already with Born Singer as a very important track telling my boys stories, an album that really deserves a maximum score
This is The Best album of 2022 for me, and idfc about your **** opinion. Like Namjoon said "my music aint for everybody especially not for you, ****
o álbum é simplesmente incrível! os meninos conseguem surpreender mais a cada álbum
The best album I've ever listened in my entire life. The songs have rich instrumentals and the best vocals and raplines on KPOP. Congrats BTS.
simply perfect! great songs with wonderful lyrics, worth listening to each one
This album so amazing I so loved I'm glad to have listened to this albumBTS was great as always
This album is so good, is the best album I've heard in my entire life. BTS have a long story, they've been through a lot together and this album is proof of that.
Very beautiful culmination of 9 years of music. An album created to commemorate the passion and hard work of 7 artists who through blood, sweat and tears, paved the way for many artists after them. I love everything about this album!
Whether a member of BTS' fandom, ARMY, or just someone looking for great music, this anthology takes you on a beautiful journey through the group's discography. Proof celebrates the 9 year anniversary of the world's most celebrated group with classics like No More Dream, N.O., Spring Day, DNA, Fake Love, Intro: Persona, Trivia:Seesaw, Outro: Ego, and recent hits like Dynamite and Butter. Their new releases, Yet To Come, Run BTS, and For Youth, are exceptional and solidify their place as bonafide hitmakers. Give this album a listen and you will not be disappointed.
É o melhor album do mundo, feito pensado inteiramente nos armys, e nós amamos porque demonstra muito carinho.Te amo, bts
tanto as músicas quanto as vozes estão impecáveis, realmente incrível esse álbum
O álbum é uma visita incrível a toda a discografia do grupo, que serve tanto como um presente para os fãs mais antigos como uma ótima forma de apresentação breve aos novos interessados.
Iconic... Honestly so beautiful. I really love it. Cried and also danced but yeah im serious it really made me emotional
Que album perfeito, muito bem trabalhado. Puro talento!! Esses meninos mais uma vez mostraram mais uma vez quão talentosos e dedicados são, relembrando musicas perfeitas da sua discografia e trazendo também demos que são tão perfeitas quanto o resultado final. Sem defeitos.
The best one that reflects the actual musics face.. totally loving it and tears in my eyes..So much luv and emotional attachment.. thank you BTS
Lagu lagunya bagus
Muito bom ótimo perfeito maravilhoso incrível indescritível lindo melhor album
The whole discography is a bop!! This album is the best thing ever made. You should try and buy the album and listen to a masterpiece
é realmente muito difícil um artista lançar um álbum antológico, precisa ter uma discografia intensa e muito variada sem insistir no mesmo conceito. o bts entregou o álbum perfeito, bateu recordes e mais recordes para provarem que são o maior grupo do mundo. Yet To Come tem uma vibe mais aveludada, muito boa para escutar em qualquer situação. verdadeiramente, a música é muito perfeita, a letra é muito linda, sentimos cada sensação perfeita quando escutamos. Run BTS roubou o coração do fandom com seu refrão, simplesmente um instrumental com vocais e rap perfeitos fizeram ser a queridinha do álbum. um dos melhores álbuns dessa década. orgulho do bangtan!
This album is the summary of the journey of BTS and Armys and I love it, the variety of music!
This is my proof that i am still with BTS and i will be always with them throughout their journey even so i wasn't here from the start but 2016 made a drastic change and i luv it
They have curated 9 years of their music and how it has evolved and how they have grown as artists, composer and writers. Taking new Army back to day 1 and reminisce with Army who has been with them from day 1 up to the present with new music that will transcend them to the future and what will it holds for them. Love every song they have chosen for the albums and the music. This is their Anthology Album, 9 years of blood sweat and tears! New Army you will love it and old OG Army going back in time with Bangtan Sonyeondan!
Such a good album with the whole history of this beautiful band, their ups and downs, their sadness and happiness , so proud of this boys !!
Proof is an amazing album. Shows BTS’s growth throughout their last 9 years. I cannot wait to see what they create in the future. Also the CD with the demos is so great. Just makes me think there are so many songs we won’t ever get to hear!
One of the best albums I've ever had the pleasure of listening to! The way the melodies, the lyrics, and the stanzas fit together is just wonderful to hear. If I could I would recommend this album for all.
Muito bom!! um álbum cheio de significado e muito bem produzido, parabéns bts
BTS is the best! Their musicality is just phenomenal. Its amazing how much meaning they have with their songs and how much one can relate to their music.
Love this album! BTS did such an amazing job! Run BTS is a BOP! And Yet to come holds a special place in my heart. Plus the demos are FIRE!
The album is so good and emotional...It shows their 9 years of hardwork and their passion for music...It takes us through their journey from nobodies to THE BTS they are today, their ups and lows...its just great
The bests songs ever. BTS is always innovating and this selection of old songs is perfect to illustrate that. The new songs are amazing and convey as many emotions as possible, I can't stop listening to them!
The album is good! I love the new songs because it explains their journey. The title track suits the album.
Proof is an amazing album with wonderful songs, as always BTS always delivering perfection in the form of songs in this anthological album.
Life changing, spectacular, amazing, etc. BTS never disappoint, their creativity and talent cannot be denied. BTS paved the way.
Bts obrigada por me salvar mais uma vez com as suas músicas. Amo vocês mais do que tudo no mundo.
such an amazing album ! nine years of passion , hard work , talent and love ! BTS the best !!!!!
obsessed with all the songs in this album
i honestly love this album. Yet to come( the lead single) is so beautiful and has been ringing in my ears ever since i watched the mv. Truly a masterpiece. Run bts is so good and for youth is just truly a tear jerker. 10 out 10 album.
perfeito incrivel divoso e maravilhoso simplesmente o melhor álbum da geração (stan run bts!)
This BTS anthology album is a masterpiece! The combination of old songs, demos and new songs sounds perfectly fine. All the history that the album carries only adds to all the value and importance it has. It was made by BTS for ARMY. It's a throwback to the past but with the clear message that the best "is yet to come" as the name of the album's main song says. Run BTS is in charge of being my biggest obsession on this album. This song is dope just like BTS. Proud of them and of the whole journey expressed through the songs contained in this album, which led them to achieve what they achieved.
O álbum é maravilhoso, perfeito para quem não conhecia as músicas antigas e a história deles. É emocionante como eles sempre buscam ajudar e confortar através de suas músicas.
When Yet to Come finally dropped i could not stop crying because of BTS’s visuals,the little hints about the past eras(for example the piano,the bus,the blue train etc)Also the lyrics of the song are so so meaningful to army & BTSIt’s a song talking about ending a new chapter and starting a new one,also expresses how much army means to BTS.
Excelent, amazing, Run BTS is perfect, Brazil and world loves BTS! Stream Proof! Stream Dynamite to 2B in Sp0tf1 and Y0utub3
Their music changed my life and proof with it's carefully crafted order and ritch history represents the journey millions of people started with them torwards a better and healthier lif showing that music truely can cross every barrier.
Absolutely jammer!!! Listening to the old songs is always a treat and the new tracks are also complete masterpieces (looking at u run bts
This is the best to know about their diversity and their musicality. The demo songs showing how each of them are artist with different creative insight.
It's beautiful, the quality, lyrics, melodies, the compilation of their old songs are excellent and not to mention the new songs... they are beautiful with great meaning, congratulations BTS for a great album
Que album incrível, discografia impecável, 9 anos, e sempre mostra do para o que vieram, artistas completos
It’s a perfect storyline of BTS’ career, I really love it. These guys are the best artists and human beings in the world! I’m so proud of them
This is a compilation and also new artistic sides shown consistently for 9 yearsI loved the album so much it was nostalgic and fresh with an addition of 5 new songs
This anthology album has the most heartfelt songs of BTS from past years as well as new songs which gives hope. Yet to come makes us feel that the pain we endure now is preparing us for the best portion of our life which is yet to come. Run BTS is simply dope. This album has 3 CDs in which only 2 CDs released globally, the third CD songs are just for the fanbase ARMY. It shows how precious BTS consider their love for ARMYs.
AWESOME-EST ALBUM EVER! THE SONGS! AHH! CHILLS EVERYTIME HEARING IT!!!! TOO GOOD LITERALLY
I love this anthology! It includes my favorites in their past albums and new ones that are dedicated to ARMY. Filter, Friends, Born Singer, Tony Montana, Euphoria, See Saw, Run BTS and For Youth are my favorites!
Loves this album so much how pretty Yet To Come and Run Bts. I can’t stop listening this album
Proof really showcases BTS's talent and growth as one of the biggest artists in the world.
this album is wonderful, it tells the whole story and trajectory of the boys and we can feel all the feelings they wanted to convey to the fans and the general public. All the songs fit together excellently, and "run bts" stands out for its strong lyrics and beat.
best album, great songs and great visuals! i love this album! the best !!!!
The whole album is a masterpiece. The lyrics touches ur soul. The songs are dedicated to Army(their fandom name). BTS IS THE BEST
Not since Prince’s Purple Rain soundtrack have I been able to listen to an album from start to finish, and love every song. This anthology is PROOF that BTS has earned their spot on top of the worldwide music industry.
Esse álbum trilha toda a caminhada deles desde o início, reunindo as maiores faixas, simplesmente incrível!!!
Best thing one can ever listen to the songs are filled with love and enthusiasm
This is an anthology album to comamorate their 9 years journey contains their best songs. Their new title song Yet To Come is dedicated to BTS ARMY who always by their side thru bad and good times. While the song perhaps less appealing to public in generals but to ARMY this song is preciousHappy 9th years anniversary Bangtan
Absolutely beautiful. I love the callbacks to previous eras, as well and the emotional yet optimistic tone of the music video. It’s great for both new and old fans alike!
BTS paved the way and antis can keep crying but they also closeted fans. Everyone tunes in for bts !! An anthology album looking back at the 9 years of making music for their fans, making music and sending important messages to the youth ! Bts have cemented their place as legends and we are here for it !! HAPPY FESTA EVERYONE !! ENJOY PROOF !! KEEP STREAMING AND BUYING !
This anthology album is really good, even its only contain 1/4 of total song they've made..im actually wish ddaeng and was included too My song pick from this album : Run BTS and Born Singer
O melhor álbum de 2022 até agora. Álbum ontológico com as melhores músicas do grupo, fora as novas músicas que são sensacionais.
the best album. waiting for almost 3 years and it's finally here!! give it a listen you will not regret.
This album is a pretty darn good summary of their artistry over the years They've been able to find great success without compromising what it is that they do best, which is making good musicTheir journey is so beautiful to witness and this album is a good indication that they've always been amazing artists, now it's time for the world to listen too
An amazing summary of their journey so far. So excited to see their next chapter unfold.
Love the album. The title track Yet to Come is a song perfectly fit for an anthology album, it looks back on the group's history and pivotal references of past music is woven into the imagery. For Youth is a song dedicated by the group to their fans called ARMY, as is evident from the very starting where they have embedded ARMYs voices. My personal favorite is Run BTS, an absolute hit in my opinion, basically addictive beats and has a shout out to the efforts of the group members.
All the song in album is sooo great, as always. Thank you BTS to make this beautiful album and all of those beautiful songs. Love ya xxx
best album ever ! bts IS the music industry and i love them and their music sooo much
papacitos como sempre nunca decepcionando te amo bts deve tá sendo difícil carregar o peso de álbum do ano mas vocês aguentam
Such a great album bts have worked hard and their love for music and their fans is conveyed perfectly through their songs.
Album de musicas impecáveis, contendo a história musical do grupo e toda sua importância para o mundo da musica.
i really love this album one of the best albums released this decade! It really shows bts’ growth and journey as artists
They're just so talented, pouring their hearts in every song, so inspiring, so humble, this album holds treasures inside
PERFECT, that's 100% perfect
amazing, this should be considered a masterpiece and as always the little kings showing us what it's like to be an artist, what music is .they should be considered the greatest, they shouldn't, they are already considered the greatest ,please go listen to this masterpiece that is PROOF I guarantee you won't regret it
been a fan for years and they are yet to dissapoint me. all 3 new tracks are absolutely favorites. pure raw emotions. a gift to the fans
Definitely showed a variety of genres within the 3 CDs not just kpop type of music. I appreciated the third CD especially because it included demo versions of globally loved songs. The members picked really meaningful songs to them and it was great to know them more because I’m a newer fan. Their chemistry is felt through this album in both audio and visual! The photo books and lyrics in the books were great supplements. It shows how much they care about their craft.
LITERALLY THE BEST ALBUM EVERRRRRRR this was made for armys and armys only, the 3 new songs are absolutely gorgeous beautiful showstopping amazing im in love with it. Run BTS has been on a constant continuous loop in my brain, I'm hearing it even when I'm not streaming it. The revamped version of Born Singer is absolutely beautiful and you can definitely hear the improvement in their voices and the way they sing from the soundcloud version from years ago. It truly is such a heartfelt album and I'm afraid no amount of words can express just how meaningful and beautiful this anthology album is.
Este álbum contiene la historia de BTS, a través de estas canciones cuentan su trayecto y como han llegado a ser la banda más grande del mundo habiendo tenido un comienzo humilde. Es un álbum que expresa su historia, sus emociones y su crecimiento, es un álbum muy personal. Las nuevas canciones reflejan todo lo que es BTS, sus pensamientos, su amor por Army y la dedicación y los sacrificios que han tenido que hacer a lo largo de los años para alcanzar el nivel de éxito que ahora tienen. Es un álbum increíble.
Lagu bagus banget, buat yang bilang kalau lagunya tidak enak di dengar dan menyakiti telinga, aku sarani kamu pergi ke dokter karena aku rasa ada yang salah dengan telinga mu, atau mungkin kamu tuli
It's a good feeling when you can listen to music that can touch your soul and three doritos after you dance as if there were no tomorrow with a different song.BTS never dissapoint with their releases and this album will always be in my heart.It's been nine years since debut and everything feels new and refreshing with them.
As someone who discovered the group pretty late in time, I missed out of all the amazing things in the past. That feeling when something epic is being released, I got to experience it thanks to this anthology album. All the tracks or the music that contributed to the growth of BTS is present in it and the new tracks are absolutely amazing at that. Yet to come feels so beautiful with all those easter eggs and a shout out to the past, Run bts is for rocking one's core and For youth a beautiful love song by bts for bts and army. It is an delighting experience.
they really worked very hard on this album and it brings back all the memories from the eras and shows how well they grew up so well.
el álbum se siente tan cohesivos y puedes ver a simple vista como evoluciona y cambia el estilo amé
An amazing walk down memory lane, a nice look into each member’s pride & joy, a look into how much they enjoy the creative process, a testament of their passion & love for music, all through songs that come from a journey of self discovery. That’s what Proof is all about.
One album about BTS career in the last 9 years. Superb!! Strongly recommended if you never heard BTS stories before!
this album is literally top tier ! this album was a gift to armys its so meaningful. it was hard to convince my parents to let me get it but in the end they agreed and it was so worth it. the album is literally beautiful & the songs in it are amazing.
Amazing nostalgia and a bright look into the future of the group. Love to see and listen to it.
Best album ever!! If you wanted to explore whole discography of BTS then this there is nothing more than this album. It has almost every BTS single (except few) that BTS ever released. So go for it!
Yet another great album where the songs in the 3 CDs look back on where they come from. The new songs from the albums were also about looking back at their past and thanking their ARMYs. Great album to listen for new fans and people who are just introduced to BTS and also for long time fans to reminisce the path they've been with BTS.
just amazing!! listening through Proof you can tell that bts has been constantly working hard on their craft and improving it to be better and better. Thanks for the album and happy 9th years anniversary guys
An anthology album, studded with the gems of songs they have created over their 9 year long career so far. It's truly an important stepping stone in their journey. The 3 new songs in this album provide such a diverse collection of music in minimum songs. With YET TO COME being an alt-pop, beautiful ballad and RUN BTS being just as amazing and strong but in an dance/electronic hip-hop/rap genre and FOR YOUTH being a CD-only song which is such an emotional love letter to their ARMYS. BTS fully displayed their unmatched diversity of art with this, and they did so very beautifully. amazing!
A moving review at a brilliant career. BTS showing the world why they are the best out there.
Realmente lo ame!! Es una antología increíble donde, trayéndonos una gran nostalgia, BTS nos hace recorrer nuevamente estos 9 años de carrera a través de sus hits y sus canciones en solitario y en subunidades elegidas especialmente por ellos! Las nuevas canciones me encantaron! Como siempre no decepcionan al traernos una gran variedad de canciones.. Por último, el hecho de que nos muestren los demos, que usualmente nunca salen a la luz ya que es una versión "descartada" de la versión oficial, demuestra que este álbum es un regalo para Army !
Not just becuz I'm a fan or some but literally the best! Their discography is so damn great that it gives the emotional rollercoaster vibes when listening to it. The 3 new songs has its own feel are just amazing! It got everything a perfect anthology album should get and I can see people throwing their opinions just cuz they have to degrade BTS! Dude, you should know degrading them is like dragging yourself down cuz of your jealousy which is definitely not good for health! It would be good if you have listened to the album atleasr once and gave honest reviews! Stop wasting other's time too!
the album is so well done i liked it a lot… this gotta be one of the best albums released this year itself.
The best album ever!! I didn't know about the "Born Singer" but thanks to this album .Now, I'm obsessed!
This anthology album tells a dramatic and beautiful story of past present and future of the 7 young men who comprise BTS. The 3 new songs are all very very different from one another and each is a stand alone hit! The nostalgic yet forward looking Yet To Come is brimming with scenes and imagery that all army will recognize and love but it's the funky Run BTS that has me wanting to loop! As wonderful as their softer songs may be, the bops and anthems (such as ON) are what brought me into the fandom and are my first love! If you feel the same, you will absolutely want to check out this album!
Este álbum es realmente increíble, lleno de mensajes y reflexiones, una antología no puede hacerlo cualquier artista y esta contiene una historicidad de 9 años, un viaje y amor del pasado, presente y futuro
This album has 35 track lists with 35 beautiful songs. This is the first anthology album by a kpop group ever!
This is such an amazing anthology album. It's truly made with army in mind because it'll take you to a trip down memory lane. It's like they came back to their roots with Run BTS, and the lead single Yet To Come is a song that will surely touch armys hearts and will make us hopefully for what is yet to come with BTS.
This album has such a deep and special meaning, especially in its references in Yet to come ( ◜‿◝ )♡
Some of their best songs all together, it was bound to be great! From all group songs that are title tracks from all eras and some selected solos and subunits, with different genres from one song to another, everything dine righ! Can listen to it everyday without getting tired is how banging the album is, 10/10, woild recommend!
I love the album so much, is such an important thing for them this “anthology album” that show who truly are bts trough all this years. The three new songs are incredible!
Absolutely amazing album, from their humble and passionate beginning to where they are now, on top of the music industry. Beyond proud to be their fan
The album was so good especially bside track on this album . Proof can make you addicted
Um álbum antológico incrível. Deu destaque a músicas incríveis da carreira deles, além de trazer três músicas inéditas e incluir demo (para mostrar ao ARMY um pouco de como é o processo de criação das músicas)
Proof is an album that contains some of the best songs in bts's entire career and also 3 brand new songs. very emotional and a perfect listen.
Aku suka album proof Kali mini membuat saya lebih kepo lagi Dengan lagu2 llama mereka. Jujur saya army baru dan saya menyesal baru Kenal mereka sekarang tidak tahu dari dulu. Karna itu saya akan menjadi army selamanya.borahae
Trabalho belíssimo,letras impactantes!Tem uma mescla de vários sons,hip-hop,po,terão e até uma pegada rock...ReB,cm letras que trazem a reflexão e contam uma história.
This album is a perfect journey through the band's bast discography. It's great not just for old fans to reminisce and reflect but a wonderful introduction for new fans. The selection of unreleased cuts was a rare and revelatory look into their creative process.
I've only been an army last year and I gotta say they really do not disappoint when it comes to making banger music.
Amazing album!! True masterpiece of young and present BTS. If you wanna know who they were and are now. This is the album for you. A true dive into the world of BTS!
This album is amazing and includes years of group effort.In the tracks of this album, hedeals with significant topics about human beings, personality, effort, youth problems and hope. It's a great thing. They're amazing singers. They're really born singers. The music industry needs albums like Proof that can deliver important messages around the world. Proof is a guide to a better life.
An anthology of great songs everyone should listen, my native language is not even English or Korean and I enjoy it.
This album was fantastic. It's well illustrated BTS's past. I'm sure the proof has a special meaning for BTS and Army
The bestttttt album.. the songs yet to come is like a tribute to their 9 years of music life.. run bts is a bop, a slap to everyone who says bts is nothing.. my youth is thier love to armys.. and demo ver are really beautiful
This album is the perfect way to get to know BTS, their beginnings, their growth and their versatility. I love the story they tell with the sequence of songs, and beginning with Born Singer chef kiss. Knowing the reasons behind their picks for CD2 make it even more special. And for the new songs, what would I say…. You can feel their love for Army in Yet to Come and For Youth (THANK YOU BTS)… and RUN BTS… I can’t stop thinking about it… so I will just keep running bulletproof…
Proof is an amazing album... I love the songs soo much and they have beautiful meaning as well...thank you bts for making these amazing songs
An amazing album containing some songs of the spectacular discography of BTS.
Gran antología, muestra toda su trayectoria musical, las canciones nuevas tienenun gran significado para ellos y sus fans, también me gusta que agregaron los demos de las canciones y muestra un libro con sus logros y récords.
This album is what music should be like. From the lyrics, the music to the vocals. Mad respect to these boys.
This album is really good, they summarize all of BTS's career journey herethis is an album of memories
Best one from BTS. So happy for this album. Yet to come and Run BST is awesome.
Proof is like a complete present-like album to ARMY and an elegant invitation to general public. They put into thoughts of the song list, pour their souls to the new songs, and filled their love for the fans in Disc 3. Wonderful work!
They hit it again! Listening their old and new songs completely takes me to their journey and makes me realize that their music's character just keep growing up intelligently. Blessed my ears.
I’m so grateful for this wonderful collection of amazing songs by the best group ever who only bring love and light to this dark world we live in. They brighten up the darkest days and always make us feel loved
This album is for the fans, and in that sense delivers in every way. I can't imagine how it could be better: we get all the big hits of their career on disc 1, beloved b-sides on disc 2 hand-picked by the members, and demos on disc 3 giving us a look into their process. Perfect!
one of their best work. This album is a collection of their timeless bangers and it's a masterpiece. It only makes you realise that they'll been real and good artist since the beginning unlike typical kpop idols that get manufactured by big companies like a product for sale with big advertisements and what not. even if you became army later you'd be able to feel like you're going through a journey with them since beginning, see how good their songs were and how authentic and unique they were which is why they are the ones that paved the way for EVERY k-pop artist. Yet to come and for youth made me emotional to be honest, I might not listen to for youth as much because it makes me cry lol but run bts??? BANGER baby BANGER. On my first listen I had to pause that song midway and start doing push ups because of how much it made me feel hyped. This is real music. This is good artist. No artist loves their fans as much as BTS and they truly love music to their core which is obvious in this album.
Wonderful anthology, their history, their personality, and the best is yet to come. You know that you Stan wonderful artists when the fan are interested in the unreleased drafts and these are as good as the released one.Full of wonderful gems.
For non-fans, this anthology album gives you a glimpse of what their discography can offer. For the BTS ARMY, this will take you on a trip down memory lane from their rookie days up until now. Give it a listen! It will show you what BTS is made of.
El álbum perfecto para quienes quieran conocer al mejor grupo de esta década.Es importante tomarse el tiempo de leer las traducciones de las canciones, el éxito de BTS se basa en la sinceridad y los mensajes reflejados en su música.
The album is so good especially the new tracks are absolutely amazing there is never a skip button when it comes to BTS discography the way they have gave their all for this album and made it exclusive for ARMYs is so amazing this album proves the worth of their 9 years career and the achievements that they've accomplished we are so proud of you and we totally love this album it's one of my favorite album and I can't stop listening to it I'm actually obsessed with this one it's totally my taste. Glad that I'm army and get to listen such masterpieces.
The new songs kept reminding us of the style that BTS has developed in 9 years, keeping true to their character but sounding fresh at the same time. The emotional trip through their different eras from the beginning to now is such a nice ride. In streaming platforms it's two hours of pure bliss. But all the surprises in the third CD make the album a unmissable.
Bts lacrando sim e criando o melhor álbum de 2022, esses garotos são tão talentosos que eu nem tenho palavras pra descrever o quão incríveis eles são! Love u BTS
Um dos melhores álbuns deles! a antologia perfeita que fez referência a várias eras passadas por eles em um só mv! bts nunca erra. que álbum bom
best album ever created. defeated everyone else. one second in and i fainted.
An outstanding summery of BTS' vast and rich discography. One of the best albums ever!
EVERY SONG IN THIS ALBUM IS A MASTERPIECE.I LOVE THIS ALBUM . THIS IS MY FAVOURITE ALBUM SO FAR. THANK YOU BTS FOR THIS WONDERFUL ALBUM . THEY HAVE AN AMAZING LYRICS THEY WILL HEAL YOU FROM STRESS AND DEPRESSIONS. BTS and ARMY forever
Amo este album! BTS merece todo o amor e sucesso do mundo, tenho orgulho de tudo o que eles vem conquistando!
A album with all you need such a amazing album just comes out in a unique great package of a rollercoaster ride
That álbum is masterpiece,im glad im an Army, thank you BTS for this, borahae❤️‍
Love the album, not just a good music, but the meaning in every song is so deep and make sense. I can feel the sincerity of the writing in each song.
This album is the best way to end a chapter and at the same time showing all the different types of music BTS has in their catalogue. The new 3 songs are absolutely amazing. Yet to come leaves you hoping for what's next in their career, while Run BTS is so fresh and different from anything they have done before. The rock+hiphop+trap combined together is just wow. It's one of my favorites songs, it's fun and puts me in a really good mood. While For Youth... puts me back on my feelings.. Staring with a sample of fans chanting "Young Forever" (chills) they just tell us (ARMY) that we are they best friends, and they hope we can be together forever. And I say US, cause this is not for regular fans, sorry. This is for ARMY who knows and understand the struggles we both have been facing together, someone that is not an ARMY would never understand the deep bond, references, inside jokes we all have together. And it's ok. You can enjoy only their music, we just enjoy them as people too.This is a masterpiece for OG ARMY and also a good way for new people getting into their music.Just remember: their best music is Yet To Come보라해
best thing ever, bts music is my only comfort place, only thing that could make bring a smile on my face when I’m sad. I purple you
Verdadeiros artistas, trabalho simplesmente impecável. O álbum é tipo o som que você ouve quando entra no céu, tenho certeza.
The songs are tooo good!!!!! An amazing album to be honest. Especially the song RUN BTS!!!
Proof is one of the greatest anthology albums of all time in my opinion, I love the tracklist, if you listen to the album from the first song to the last, you will be able to understand the story and the message BTS are trying to share with the world, it's like the songs are connected somehow although they're tracks from different albums, I absolutely loved it
Muito bom, minha faixa favorita com toda a certeza foi 'run bts', eles n tiveram piedade de ngm viu kjkkkkkkkk
The best. They never disappoint. Their music is top tier. Yet to come is such a grt meaningful song.
This is a special album for both BTS and their fans army. It includes their hits throughout their 9 year journey. The album absolutely stunning! even their new song yet to come, run bts and for youth.
álbum mais pica de todos os tempos lek o bts soltou uma LACRADA das boas. lembrando q só tem álbum antológico quem tem história!
If you are ARMY, this album is a must buy.If you are not an ARMY, Give it a chance... try to listen without prejudice.. There's a reason why BTS is loved by millions of people.
O álbum é incrível, as músicas são perfeitas, os meninos sempre estão fazendo um trabalho incrível
It is again one of the best albums by BTS. It is spectacular because it shows all of their previous works which were outstanding but couldn't get much hype and shows their journey of 9 years. It has songs for all of our moods be it happy, sad, excited, hyped up or emotional. Proof has the most amazing songs in it showcasing bts's extraordinary discography. Listening to it really brings back all the feels of the past eras of bts and makes amrys go through a rollercoaster ride of this journey with bangtan. I truly loved it and it is one more album of them which is very close to my heart
Its an anthology album. It tell the history of the group. If you are a fan, this will serve as a memorabilia. If you are just a music lover and wants to explore other music language, this is the right album for you. All genres are represented here. The artistry is just beautiful. This is music that trancends barriers.
If love, journey, and memories could be an album, it would be this! Highly recommend listening to each and every song especially the newly released ones! One song you're reminiscing memories, the next you'll be shaking your a$s, and the next u'll be sobbing with snot and tears. Give it a listen!
Apenas por ser o bts fazendo na sabemos que é bom! Não espero menos dos meninos pois eles sempre entregam um trabalho perfeito
Proof é simplesmente um álbum perfeito com músicas incríveis e uma história incrível principalmente para o bts e para os armys!
I love BTS and I love this album.Let's be honest, BTS are the only ones who can make an album with this quality and with this whole trajectory bathed in blood, sweat and tears.
The best album of bts! Run Bts and yet to come are my fave songs until now!
É um álbum maravilhoso, que encanta aquele que ouvir, o bts mais uma vez nos entregou um trabalho maravilhoso
Best album with no skips literally....all songs are bop.... it's truly a comfort, motivation, and love album..
Ela é perfeita, lembra todas as épocas dos meninos, contando a história deles
This album just literally burned it as always. I expected something soft but than they added RUN BTS just gosh!!!!!
BTS proof is an Album with one i can feel the whole history of Bangtan Sonyeondan. I see that, since the beginning, they are seven different guys, with different history and size of view, but they came together for their common purpose, for their love of music. The music makes me feel out of myself, i love it!
O álbum contém tudo o que um artista #1 na billboard precisa. Letras e raps escritos por eles mesmos, produção e vocais impecáveis. As vozes se encaixam de uma maneira decisiva para a criação de cada música, demonstrando cada vez mais o motivo dos mesmos serem artistas tão gigantes. Sem dúvidas é o álbum do ano, contém tudo para ser.
Um álbum incrível que mostra a jornada de 7 pessoas extremamente talentosas, foi um bom timing de lançamento com o BTS aumentando seu alcance ainda mais mundialmente, muitos ARMYS não conheciam as músicas antigas e agora estes irão dar uma chance para as antigas eras.
Álbum bom demais, um dos maiores da carreira mesmo, amo meus meninos viu nuh
PROOF It's an album full of songs made to touch the listener's heart, a gift from a legendary group to the fans who supported them and always have. All the songs on this album are perfect And the combination of them in this anthological album is a way to show the evolution of BTS as people and artists. Simply perfect.
O melhor álbum de todos,música muito boas.Os vocais impecáveis,o melhor de todos
This album is such a great way to take a quick but deep look at their past, their struggles and the way they built their way from the bottom like they said in their song Run BTS "we from the bottom" and most importantly this album is a gift to their fans for sticking by their side for 9 years and they even said that this is the closing of their chapter 1 and I'm excited to see what they have in store for us with their future works and I'm just glad this album exists, they really did a very good job the way it takes you through a whole rollercoaster of emotions with the past songs and then new songs are just so good as well, love it. Safe to say bangtan never disappoints.
lindo amo muito melhor album mito dms parabens bts mitos jungkook te amo meu lindo
Loving the new Proof album so much! I’m in my 40s and honestly hadn’t bought an album from any group since my early 20s…then I found BTS! I never miss an opportunity to buy and enjoy their beautiful work! This album is so special.
Sou apaixonada nesse álbum, o jeito que os meninos se entregam para a música é incrível, eu realmente os amo!
It's great, just like everything these boys do. Btw happy 9 years bts♡ 9 years of great music this anthology album it's just what you expect from de greatest group in the world.
Muitoo bom. Melhor álbum já lançado até agora. Músicas sensacionais e maravilhosas.
Álbuns de kpop sempre são mais superiores, os físicos e os digitais. As promoções, as fotos, o conceito, as músicas, mvs, interpretações, tudo impecável. O álbum é completo.
the best thing ive ever hear, wonderful! the songs are so meaningful, well written and produced. my fav track is run bts, a true icon

Perfeito, incrível, atemporal, aclamação mundial, ícones, originais, zero defeitos. BTS entregou tudo mais uma vez chocando 0 pessoas.
This album is PROOF of why they are the most versatile and most loved group in the world!
I truly believe that this album fundamentally exceeds to BTS story and I think it’s a great closing for their chapter 1. The 3 new songs that are in this album really tells how BTS feel right now and how much they have accomplished. They portray how grateful they are towards the people around them. I’m really proud of being an ARMY
é perfeito. a discografia dele é muito diversificada e eles souberam escolher bem para tocar no coração do army.
The best. BTS are the best grupo in the World, my life, my blood, sweat and tears. I’m so thankful for the boys and this incredible álbum
The three-disc anthology album from South Korean boy band BTS features three new songs as well as a disc of demo tracks.Label:BighitGenre(s):PopRapPop/RockPop IdolPop-RapAsian PopK-PopKorean RapAsian Rap
Proof é genuíno, uma verdadeira prova que o bts se tornou uma lenda nesses únicos 9 anos de carreira.
Músicas muito viciantes de ouvir, letras incríveis, designer muito bonito, isso com certeza é uma obra de arte.
This album is full of the bts story all over the years. It’s a great way to know them more and no they discography and did three new songs are amazing. The yet to come and for youth at the fire closure and gratitude and I know but not least run BTS is an amazing song it’s very energetic and show a lot of sides of them especially their origin in hip-hop.
What an emotional journey of an album spanning nearly a decade. The music is truly top notch
The album is such an amazing bomb, it reflects all the effort and evolution in BTS' carrer. The new songs are incredible, the demo ones are amazing and some unreleased songs make me wanted to hear'em on a concert one day. I'm really thankful for all the effort, and how precious and special the album is, as much as the design but also to have the luck to listen the old songs, and obviusly Tony Montana; I've ever wanted to listen the studio version of this song. Thank you so much BTS, I'll always love your music
Run BTS is literally my new anthem. YET TO COME is just so personal to BTS and ARMY, I cried.
The perfect sum of their iconic hits. Such a complete discography and lovely new tracks! They never disappoint.
NO SKIPS JUST BANGERS LITERALLY. The best way to describe it when listening to it is that it will give ur ears a oragasm for how good it is like I started playing it and all of the sudden my ears started moaning like huhhh?? But it’s cool tho. Anyways if u want to experience that same feeling STREAM PROOF
The only anthology album that makes sense in the modern age of 2022. The only group that's creating a legacy. Every other group that got popular was just a phase whereas this Asian group broke all kinds of records in every corner of the world. The US isn't the only place they are loved. They are loved in countries with all kinds of cultural background. Children can learn a lot from BTS and their music. I really hope this anthology album inspires all just as it inspired me. Not just to pursue music but to pursue life in a beautiful way.
This album is perfect! I can't put in word how I feel listening to this. It's nostalgic and so smooth. Going through all the eras of BTS, growing up together with them, I'm so grateful for all the hard work the boys did. If anyone wants to know the BTS discography in a nutshell, PROOF is perfect for that.
O álbum em si é gratificante, músicas calmas e reconfortantes. Bom de se ouvir estando em uma viagem!
insanee!!!!!!! bts are so insane i cant even explain my feelings about that album, they deserve the top of charts!
and an album full of songs with meaning, and with big hits like DYNAMITE, a 2020 hit that brought the first #1 on the billboards hot 100.
This album just showcase BTS's great discography throughout the years, they are Kings of kpop for a reason! and the album itself is really pretty and worth buyingBorahae
Completamente apaixonada, o melhor álbum!Músicas extremamente perfeitas!!
Proof is an anthological album about the stories, struggles and love of the biggest and most complete musical group today.
álbum INCRÍVEL! um artista mostrar sua trajetória de maneira tão leve e bem elaborada é algo genuíno
So good!!! Perfect work
One of the best gifts an artist creates for a fan and one of the best ideas BTS had, Proof was a gift for all fans, new to old.
O álbum é perfeito! Ele conta toda a história do bts, e as novas músicas yet to come, run bts e for youth são incríveis.
muito bom, ouçam proof! esse álbum é uma benção para mim e para os meninos os amos demais
This anthology album beautifully shows BTS' journey through the years by showing some of their greatest hits, unheard demos and a few new songs. You can see how vast their discography is, even though there is only a small fraction of all of their songs included.
De fato o melhor álbum do ano, é um álbum muito especial para o bts e o army, escutem proof vocês não vão se arrepender
O melhor álbum, traz toda a história do grupo musicalmente, cada parte deles está aqui! As letras, as vozes, vocais, raps, a produção, tudo carrega a história do Bangtan/BTS.
OMFGGGG THIS IS AN ALBUM SO GOOOOD, congrulations bts for make this artJSJJSKSKSKSKSKKS
Uma junção do melhor do bts, as melhores deles reunidas em um único álbum
músicas incríveis, vocais impecáveis...maior que carreiras! bts sempre arrasa e com o proof não foi diferente. felizmente sou fã de ARTISTAS.que álbum incrível, que álbum bem feito. 0 defeitos!bts é perfeito em tudo que se propõe a fazer.
um álbum muito bom com músicas novas e demos muito boas, vale a pena você escultar
This album brings the best of BTS' 9-year career. 3 CDs made for armys, with songs that contain all your love and dedication for music and fans!
El más significativo y especial para bts y army
This is one of the biggest masterpieces of the world. Each music has an especial meaning for the Army and the members of the group. There's no doubt that BTS is the best singers of all time. They really born to be singers
this album has old songs from the group, where it shows their evolution and their career of how they evolved and marked hearts from young to old, in addition to new songs full of references and demonstration of affection for fans and songs with rap full of flow and intelligent lyrics.
a linear album full of BTS history and experience. The album tells a story, the story of BTS in these almost 10 years of career.
BTS always proving that their songs are timeless and remarkable. 'Yet to come', 'Run BTS' and 'For Youth' are masterpieces
I’m not a BTS fan but wow!!!! Their songs are actually good and I decided to see what they were saying and I’m genuinely surprised the lyrics were great!! They are a good group. Now I understand why they have so many fans.
The album is best
Álbum da década e digo mais!!!! Todas a músicas são as maiores, mas Eu BTS foi uma experiência surreal de incrível é simplesmente A MAIOR
an amazing album, wonderful music and great reviews! my favorite is definitely run bts
Maravilhoso! O melhor álbum já feito nessa indústria. O BTS serviu muito, viu? As músicas estão PEFEITAAAAS!!!!!
Simply one of the best albums I've ever had the pleasure of listening to!!!
Proof é extremamente significativo pois carrega toda a essência do BTS desde o seu início a 9 anos atrás. Um álbum feito especialmente para o army e para aqueles que desejam conhecer melhor o que é o bangtan. Está sendo uma experiência incrível ouvir esse álbum e relembrar momentos maravilhosos junto ao bts.
obviamente simplesmente perfeito como todos os álbuns do bts, não vejo a hora do meu álbum chegar

O MELHOR ALBUM QUE JA FOI FEITO, d vdd q álbum bom do cacete jesus, tem música pra todos os gostos, enfim streaming em proof
Um Álbum que faz você se divertir e se emocionar, que faz você lembrar do comecinho da trajetória dos meninos, e as músicas novas incríveis
this album is perfect, the boys story is so beautiful
This album is literally perfect , can't find enough words to describe it
incrível, estupendo, revolucionário, icônico, fabuloso, atemporal, além da imaginação, canto dos anjos, letras de poetas e melodia dos deuses
one of the best albums, made with a lot of dedication and love. there is no mistake in it, i just loved it.
The new songs are to die for good and make me so happy to be apart of it and the old ones remastered still sound fresh and can be enjoyed over and over! Never tired of this album!
This album is very important to me as a bts fan, because all the songs that marked bts' career are in proof, and the 3 New songs are like an summary os this journeyThank u bts! Proof is a masterpiece!
i really really love this antology! the new and old musics are so amazing, i love it.
Um álbum com diversos estilos, abordando vários temas eu uma perfeição incrível!
Simplesmente o álbum mais completo que já ouvi, bts mostrando sua jornada linda com músicas incríveis e trabalho excepcional.
incrível e sensível, o melhor álbum do ano, bts fez história e a trajetória deles até aqui foi colocada de um jeito perfeito no álbum
Such an incredible album. The fact of showing their history is amazing! Not everyone could do an anthology album and they did a fantastic job, i’m in love with these 3 new songs!
Truly an amazing album! I love how authentic the songs are and how the voices touch my heart. I could listen to it every day.
Isso é só BTS mostrando quem são.. Simplesmente Maravilhosos.Mostrando todo talento e boa música com que nos presentearam nós últimos 9 anos .
O álbum é uma verdadeira viagem ao passado e uma amostra da evolução do BTS enquanto artistas. A musicalidade e a diversidade de conceitos mostra o quanto o BTS tem bagagem para um álbum desse porte e o motivo pelo qual eles se diferenciam de outros grupos fabricados. "Proof", ao mesmo tempo que encerra um ciclo, nos introduz a um novo, que nos leva a altas expectativas. "Run BTS", sem dúvida é o grande destaque. Finalmente a nossa "Cypher Pt.5 aconteceu, só que com um título diferente.
Extremamente perfeitoooo! As músicas são incríveis! Como sempre o bts faz um trabalho perfeito. Espero que todos gostem de músicas como run bts, for youth e yet to come. Eles merecem todo o sucesso do mundo.Vamos lá, Run bts!
Muito bom, BTS sempre entrega TUDO, "RUN BTS" é uma lenda, boa pra k7, chorei horrores com "Yet To Come" chegou em "For Youth" eu já estava desidratada, enfim, 100% perfeito.
É um álbum nostálgico, mas ao menos tempo inovador, no qual faz muitos fãs ficarem apaixonados pelas músicas.
Proof is not only an album for fans, but also an album for those who want to meet them. Bringing together the best tracks that led to Bangtan Sonyeondan's success, Proof is loaded with memories collected by the members themselves on 3 cds, tracks from 2cool 4skool to the butter era including unreleased songs (2022) to thank the army for the journey they walked together.This album is a perfect package and opportunity for anyone who loves nostalgia, or anyone who wants to get to know the intimate side of BTS. Lastly, Proof is literally self-titled to describe what factors led BTS to success, what factors led BTS to gain so many fans with their diverse discography of music genres. And this proof is your talent.
Proof is a rewind of the whole BTS' career; it shows how vast their musically are. The album is kinda guide for those who doesn't know them, every song is so good. I'm so proud of being an ARMY for 6 years now and for be able to see their growth in this path. Proof is a gift for the fandom
Álbum muito lindo e muito significativo, tanto para o BTS como para os fãs
Tá lindo boy. Ótimo álbum comemorativo e emocionante para quem acompanha eles, é tão bom quando eles lançam coisas pros fãs sem se importar com a massa.
Um dos melhores álbum deles se não o melhor, foi tudo muito bem pensado e executado, simplesmente uma obra prima.
I'm extremely so grateful to have met them, I'm extremely happy to know theses songs. all the songs in this album was incredibly well chosen, thank you for this masterpiece!!
BTS' history, style, talent and heart all wrapped up into three wonderful disks full of handpicked tracks: from title tracks that mark musical history, signature tracks of each member that tell a different story, to unreleased and raw demo's that also reflect important times and sentiments of their journey.Starting the anthology album CD1 with "Born Singer" already sets the tone for the selections -- what was once an unreleased track has become the opening to a whole celebrated history of Bangtan Seonyondan; a declaration from the beginning of their careers that this is what they were meant to do. It's followed by handfuls of familiar songs that get you dancing, but are also weighted by the meaning of the lyrics to the songs. "Blood, Sweat & Tears" for example exudes artful and expressive lyrics that can be broken down to an entire analyses per line. "Spring Day" is a beautiful song reflecting on missing and valuing friends and loved ones. "Butter" is a history-making and chart-breaking track. Then CD1 ends with the title track "Yet to Come" which is a statement that though their past has been beautiful, there are more beautiful moments ahead to experience. The track itself is soft and uplifting, bringing about bittersweet hope reflecting on the past and looking forward to the future. The perfect way to end CD1.CD2 feels personal - each member picked two songs that were meaningful to them that they wanted to make sure to share with ARMY and new/casual listeners alike. For example, "Moon" is one of Kim Seokjin's chosen tracks about him/BTS being the moon and ARMY being their earth. The beautiful lyrics describe the love and celebration between the moon and the earth. CD2 ends with a new track "For Youth" which is a beautiful waltz ballad and a meaningful thank you to BTS' ARMY, family, friends, and staff who have supported them this whole time.CD3 is just pure fun. The raw demo's reflect how far they've come in their journey as humans and as artists. Some of those demo's aren't necessarily completely polished, but that's the fun and vulnerability of BTS sharing those tracks and sounds with their fans who want to hear it! There are also fantastic new tracks like "Young Love" and "Quotation Mark" that have quickly become my favorites of the entire album. J-Hope's "DNA", Jin's English "Epiphany", RM's "I Need U", V's "Spring Day" are also all so much fun to listen to as they are entirely different songs than the official tracks but have their own unique flair and personal touch.All in all, PROOF is a fantastic way to celebrate 9 amazing years of BTS. Rather than going for more English pop-songs that could have catered to the big music industries that they already dominating despite being a 'foreign' act, they still intentionally chose to compile a musical collection, story and imagery that felt like it was all for ARMY and those who have supported them for this long.Congratulations on a fantastic anthology album to the legends, Kim Namjoon, Kim Seokjin, Min Yoongi, Jung Hoseok, Park Jimin, Kim Taehyung and Jeon Jungkook of BTS! Happy 9th anniversary!
Simplesmente lindo, amo todas as músicas e as músicas novas estão sensacionais
Album maravilhoso, com músicas escolhidas pelos membros para emocionar e divertir. As novas músicas são maravilhosas, yet to come, for youth são emocionantes, assim como a nova versão de bordo singer, já run bts é maravilhosa e nos faz querer dançar.
Um álbum antológico incrível, que representa uma carreira sensacional!! É possível sentir a essência do grupo em cada palavra e em cada era e etapa da sua carreira. As músicas inéditas são tão emocionantes quanto significativas, a produção é impecável!! Que álbum!!
this album so beautiful!! so much memories precious for bts and armyi loved so much
eu sei o quanto os meus meninos deram o melhor nesse álbum então eu digo, está perfeito.
a wonderful album with the talent of btswith beautiful voices is impeccable
Ótimo
Este é um álbum invrível por diversas questões, o fato de abranger trabalhos do grupo desde de sua época de debut, mensagens passadas para os fans através de suas produções e diversas demos de músicas já lançadas, permitem que ao mesmo tempo que se tem toda a sua essência de quase uma década de história já compartilhadas, há igualmente aspectos que antes não foram vistas.
I loveeeeeeeee! They are the best. BTS is the best. All the music was made with love
Amei o álbum, é caloroso e aconchegante! Não canso de ouvir, me fez sentir viva e feliz
Ameii o álbum. Meus meninos nunca faz músicas ruim. Amei todas as músicas❤❤
muito bom,não tinha como dar errado por que o BTS só tem música boa!Estou esperando o mv de RUN BTS
Merece todos os 10 do mundo, visto que essa obra- prima nos concedeu " Run bts " !
BTS's artistry keeps expanding and getting better with each passing year. Their lyrics are really incredible. As an anthology album that holds part of their journey it made me feel honored to be a fan of theirs. I can't wait for what's next in their musical journey. They're such talented artists, all 7 of them.
I am in love, Proof is amazing!It's beautiful, the lyrics, the instrumentals, and vocals, rap. I love how nice the harmony of the vocal line and rap line is, they are doing it perfectly.
the album is Wonderful with a wonderful trilogy, it's about bts delivering everything once again
The besta álbum i have ever heard, like BTS IS always doing theis best and boa se have a super longe ANTHOLOGY that never dissapoint
It's an incredible album with songs for all tastes, in addition to the sentimental importance it has for fans.
É maravilhoso ver toda a evolução maravilhosa dos meninos!!!!Das músicas antigas as mais recentes amo todas!!!
Proof com certeza é o melhor álbum de todos os tempos,com faixas extraordinárias. Qualquer um vai amar todas as canções.
This is such a meaningful album for BTS and ARMY in general, they've put the whole group story and feelings into it, we are so proud of the result.
ótimo, simplesmente o álbum mais perfeito já feito na história, com certeza meu álbum favorito
This album is a masterpiece. I'm always impressed by BTS's great work. They are talented kind and lovely, their music is amazing. I became a fan when I was really depressed and their songs and good energy made me feel better and now I can smile again. Thank you for being my light in all this darkness.
proof is amazing! bts never disappoints, they are the best and biggest in the word.
Simplesmente maravilhoso, os meninos sempre são espetacular em tudo que fazem
blinks podem chorar a vontade mores proof vai ter nota verdinha sim bts kingos doa a quem doer kengas
Um álbum excepcional, mostra a personalidade de cada um deles, alem das novas faixas serem exstremamente bem feitas como tudo na carreira deles! Yet To Come trás o fechar e o abrir de uma nova era onde o melhor estar por vir, For Youth mostra o amor e a cumplicidade do BTS com o Army e Run BTS é selvagem e não mede palavras para falar sobre a trajetória as conquistas e tudo que eles batalharão e batalhão até hoje para conquistar!
This album is simply a summary of the story of 7 boys who dedicated themselves to music that changed my life and the lives of thousands of people around the world, they deserve much more recognition what they get, they managed to make the music cross the barriers of language and prejudice, and for that and many other reasons I love them from the bottom of my heart!.
Yet To Come's MV is amazing, the references from previous mv's were very well thought out
A piece of art, i have been here with BTS since the start and they continue to make me love them more and more!!
Excelente álbum, cumpre a proposta de mostrar a trajetória do grupo ao desenvolver uma linha cronológica de seus principais lançamentos em seus 9 anos de carreira. Isso faz com que o ouvinte que estão os conhecendo agora saibam que eles são muito antes de lancarem 3 musicas em inglês de 2020 pra cá.. As novas músicas mostram quão consciente o BTS está de seu passado e presente, e o principal mostram que todos podemos esperar um futuro brilhante deles. É um agradecimento a todos que estiveram com eles por esses anos e um marco para a próxima etapa do grupo.
É incrível!! Run BTS não sai da minha cabeça!! O mv me fez relembrar de muitos momentos bons
Bts is my life... Lindo, emocionante, feito pelo melhor grupo de todos
é sobre os papacitos nunca errarem! RUN BULLETPROOF RUN YEAH YOU GOTTA RUN ! stream in proof.
An album that tells the trajectory of the boys and their feelings. Undoubtedly one of the most exciting albums of BTS' career. Amazing
O melhor do ano e não tem pra ninguém,não tem pra concorrência acima do BTS só o bts
Reunindo vários singles desde o começo da carreira até hoje, esse álbum antológico é ckmo se fosse um baú do tesouro que guarda relíquias. Sem contar que ele é 100% voltado para nós do army, e isso nos dá um sentimento de conforto e orgulho de tudo que eles passaram e passam até hoje Amo vocês eternamente
The songs are really good! they did a great job the songs are comforting For youth touched me a lot I even got emotional with the beginning of the song... its album title (Yet to Come) is really very good from the lyrics to the harmony of the voices and the other song Run bts her it's so much fun! I could listen for hours and dance without getting tired.
Perfeito, maravilhoso,espetacular, esplêndido,estupendo, magnífico,lindo né
um álbum incrível e intimista feito para os fãs onde em cada um dos discos tem uma coletânea perfeita de músicas que se encaixam bem e fazem sentido
O álbum é simplesmente incrível! Há várias músicas nostálgicas e possui musicas inéditas, cada uma contendo seu próprio significado
Amazing Album!! The new songs are lit and the old songs , just excellent !! I loved demos the most~
The songs were excellent, it contains lots of their old songs that bring me nostalgia. I love this album. And FYI this album only has 2 official versions.
All their albums are great, and this one obviously wouldn't be left out! In addition to a fantastic idea to create an anthological album, they released new songs perfect. I don't give this album 10, for me it deserves 1000.
obrigado bts por essa obra de arte, esse álbum é a perfeiçãoooooooooooooooo
perfect album, amazing photosperfect album, amazing songs, amazing photos, i love this album, i love bangtan , amazing songs, i love this album, i love bangtan
O melhor álbum de todos, wings e love yourself: tear superam um pouco mas é sem dúvidas um álbum fantástico com as regravações algumas faixas antigas do BTS. ♡
The album hugs me like a warm blanket and I feel so comfortable. I don't think I've ever felt this way with any artist, all the songs have very good messages if you know how to interpret them.
A album that showed a journey of a lifetime of a band that became a family. BTS is the reason for ARMYs to live sanely... This album is our PROOF! The best moment is YET TO COME
O ÁLBUM MAIS IMPECÁVEL QUE JÁ OUVI!!!com certeza o bom trabalho deles foi essencial para uma antologia tão boa. Músicas que te envolvem e te abraçam, é difícil descrever em palavras a maneira de como cada voz é diferente e envolvente. Com certeza um dos melhores que já ouvi na vida.
"Proof is a shining example of how to do it well, drawing listeners in with the familiar and enriching the experience with a special, personal touch."
In this album all the songs are good, telling their struggle from the bottom to the success they are now. So stop saying the songs on this album are bad.
absolutely beautiful. includes 2 photocards a poster and 3 discs. the third disc contains unreleased demos and surprise tracks. 100% recommend
their journey described in these 3 cds is incredible, talent and versatility and how I would describe the bts group
Theeeeeeeeee besttttttttttt !! My perspective favourite is run btsss its so damn gooood also the starting of my youth is AO overwhelming
I've only been a army for 6 year but hearing them will never get boring this album made me feel very nostalgic but like bts said best is yet to come happy & beyond thrilled to hear their individual work activities watching them continue to evolve & grow army support all 7 equally for(っ^._.^)っ armies out there sad just remember when they comeback with a new album will probably see stars
this was the best way to sum up nearly 10 years of blood, sweat and tears poured into their craft. thankful for them
Já conhecia 99% do album e gosto de todos os singles presentes nessa lista então não tenho o que dizer. Sobre as faixas novas, o que pode se dizer que já não foi dito? Perfeitas! As letras mutio boas e molodias precisas.Sobre o album em si eu não tenho nada o que elogiar. Acho isso de pegar faixas antigas como elas já foram lançadas e simplesmente relançar um trabalho preguiçoso e pobre. Diferente do que fizeram com o album de demos que achei genial lançarem elas no cru, como foram finalizadas inicialmente. Minha nota é exclusivamente sobre as faixas novas e o album de demos não em relação ao todo. Que fique bem claro!
Bts discography is amazing, they can do every genre that they want! This album contains all their amazing tittle tracks and solo songs, also you can listen in the physical album some of their demos and songs that they didn’t release on streaming platforms. The three new songs have a good rhythm.
Amazonh bum! I've been a fan for almost 2 years now and it's been incredible! RUN BTS and Born Singer are awesome!
Such a nice choice of songs for an anthology album. The new songs and the demos are really good
O album é uma viagem no tempo. Você consegue, se ouvir em ordem, viajar através do crescimento do BTS como artistas e ver sua evolução ao longo desses 9 anos de carreira. É revolucionário e inovador!
Same production, same sound. Forgettable lyrics.Why aren't they producing music like the beginning of their career?
It's sad to see how much BTS has been going down every year, PROOF is a dull album, the only average song is RUN BTS and it still ends up being sickening, 35 songs and only 3 unreleased, I can't accept that like it's a good thing.
I think Proof is the great compilation of all their music career from a personal view, and by personal i meant BTS one. Adding the 3 new songs which my favorite and probably top 5 from all time is RUN BTS because the rap and vocals mixed beautifully raw while singing about how they have been running all this time just gets me every time i listen to it. Same as For Youth but in a more melancholic way. Born Singer was a lovely plus because it brings back their trainee days also with their first title tracks. With this album, not many may realise, but they have come to a some point in which they dont need to release some single or a cliché mainstream sound music to stay relevant, it just doesnt matter anymore and im glad because they have earned it. From No more dream, NO, Danger, following I need U, Dope, Fire, more recognized Blood Sweat and Tears, Spring Day, DNA, rising to new levels with Fake Love, Idol, Boy with Luv, not stopping with the amazing Black Swan and On, finally global domination with Dynamite, Butter and this new songs. In resume, i loved this album so much for all the anthems and what they mean.
Proof cuenta la historia de BTS en sus diferentes eras, desde el 2013,ideal para baby army.
Ugh I love this album, the best album in the world with a pretty concept
Revivir las mejores canciones es genial, y yet to como, una hermosa balada es arriesgado y bueno de ver. Ame run BTS, el que ellos escriban es genial
If you want to know BTS or you want to know why they are The Biggest Group in the World, you need to listen to this anthology album.
Work of art! MASTERPIECE! ONLY spectacular artists are to able to deliver an anthology album. Bts congratulations on the amazing album. Kim Namjoon (RM) proving once again that he is a breathtaking lyricist. BRAVE!
a wonderful anthology album for a band with skipless discography. proof shows the journey of bts from debuting from a company that is near bankruptcy to building an empire not only in Kpop but also in the global music industry. looking forward to chapter 2 of the biggest boy band in the world!
the song "run BTS" is Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What an incredible album! The melodies and lyrics are the best. It is very difficult for the group to disappoint the fans.
Proof is a gift anthology album alot of artists refuses to do it but they proved they're kings truly ,, they just gave old army a memorable for our best momories of our lives ,, and for baby army they let them live what they passed truly amazed by them
BTS has always delivered such a good songs and this album just as great it is
Proof acabar fazendo uma linda viagem pela a história do bts, trazendo consigo músicas que tem um grande significado para os fãs. Isso o torna um álbum de grande excelência e importância...
Album yang membawa pendengarnya menjelajahi kreatifitas grup yg telah berkembang pesat dari debut sampai usia grup yang telah 9 tahun. The whole album at the entire career is made by artist itself, adalah yang mendefinisikan identitas mereka di antologi album mereka kali ini.
Me encanta el álbum, BTS siempre crea y lanza canciones sorprendentes, increíbles y muchas de ellas con un mensaje tan lindo e especial.
In this album they showcased their journey from 2013 to 2022. This album is contain different genres of music. Great productions,great lyricism and great artistry. This is masterpiece album.They are great artist
Yet To Come, Yor Youth, and Run BTS. With only three new songs on this great masterpiece BTS once again showed how diverse their music can be, and CD3 is a gem! Never thought they will relese something like this, Beyond the stars
The anthology fully summarizes the whole BTS discography and it also beautifully encapsulates the group's success over the years.
a fine piece of art indeed these guys totally nailed it hats off!!
A grown up Posty. Definitely a deeper album he put his feelings into. I’m a fan of it
Piece of beautiful work. It is coming from heaven. Wow thats incredible. Love it care it
Post Malone's deepest and most complete album yet. Definitely a contender for his best album thus far.
One of his best albums. it's good that he is trying a new type of sound which can be risky but it makes him a great artist. love/hate letter to alcohol might be his best song ever. plus the quality of the album is very high with a shorter duration. it's an album with great features. 10/10 for me.
A great album, high production and detailed meaning, with Post experimenting with some different sounds too, nice one Austin!
Blown away by this project. Post Malones most grounded sound yet. Great production on top of his best vocals yet, this is yet another album i personally will be listening too for years to come.
Love this album, more personal songs, not hype songs, I think this a more mature Posty and that's good.
One of Post Malone's best albums, if not the best. Undoubtedly one of the best albums of the year in terms of lyrics, cohesion, vocals and especially production. With an overall morbid feel, the album takes you from very sad moments, as in Love/Hate letter To Alcohol, to moments of great happiness, as in Wrapped Around your Finger. The album is sincere, deep and portrays in a super personal way the moments of sadness experienced by Post Malone in recent years, due to the pandemic and his gigantic Fame. It's impossible not to fall in love with the album and not remember it at some random moment in his life, he is extremely remarkable!Favorite Tracks: “One Right Now”, “ Wrapped Around your finger “ and “Love/Hate letter to Alcohol”
there is nothing to prevent post malone to said what he is going through his life its like he is naked when he wrote this album truly every verse come from his heart and i feel he put his soul to every song he produced in this album , nothing commercial for market what should every artist should consider when they make a record
One of his most cohesive. It's one in the few that point towards a consistent evolution forward even when this album is the least fascinating of the two. It carries over the experimental spirit of Hollywood Bleeding more gentle and earnest parts such as the near folktronica of "Circles " but with some of the more typical flexing tracks of beer bongs snd Bentley. This album isn't stunning ir life changing but it's worth your time and has enough good moments that if you decide to it won't be a joyless ride. My favorites are the heart on your sleeve regret and rage beneath "love hate letter to alcohol " orthe doja feature that melds what they both do best so well. It leaves me excited about what's to come.
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
The fourth studio album not only from Post Malone, but more importantly from Austin Richard Post. This album has a wide variety of different vibes throughout its 14 song track list and while there are a few uppity style bangers with some awesome features that we're used to from previous albums, there also some very personal messages from how Austin was feeling as he recorded this. There is literally something for everybody here and he really shows his understanding of how music can touch one's soul.
It's cohesive, the production was awesome. It was obvious the album was personal and posty showed it in all tracks. I love it
This album is the complete definition of a mid album. The album in its entirety lacks any sorta creatively and just all sounds like the same post Malone on the radio for the past 5 years. Some songs sound pretty good, but the album as a whole isn’t unique or different at all. Production is good and vocals by post Malone are amazing as always
This is one of the most interesting albums to listen to in 2022. Unlike his last album, in which primarily had trap music, this album is primarily pop-oriented and surprisingly more cohesive and listenable than he has ever recorded. I used to have mixed reactions from his first three albums because it wasn't the kind of music that would make me repeat the songs over and over again. But here he recorded more enjoyable voal tracks with some featured artists giving good, smooth vocal verses. Personally i do not dislike trap or hip-hop, it's just rare to find really good hip hop songs. Surprisingly enough, Insane and i like you (only hip hop and r&b tracks of this album) are the only hip-hop/r&b tracks i really love from Post. He really put down those bangers. The pop songs here are quite nice. Many of them has folk, pop, and metal inspired sounds that it reminds me of my childhood. Overall this is indeed one of the best albums of the year.
For sure is a decrease from Hollywood's Bleeding, which was already expected since with that album Post achieved the maximum level of creativity and versatility and he hardly will top that. At least I wish he could maintain the same level of his predecessor, but it's not what happens here. The decrease was big. The songs seems generic, his voice is softer, the lyrics most of the time are repetitive, the production is weak as well, just like the melodies. Sad to see how he's going down so fast. Usually the artists keep more time at the top of charts, quality of production etc. That's not what I see with Post Malone. This album is totally forgettable.
His most personal and inward-focused album. Not every album needs to be made to maximize radio plays. Music, at its core, is a way of self-expression."I was born to take pills, I was born to cave in..." A very interesting look into his life and mental health.
Of course this isn't perfect, but it's clearly underrated. Post delivered so well, I really felt he was passing through all this. Love/Hate Letter To Alcohol, Reputation & Cooped Up are my favorites, and I think they're kinda the standouts of the album, with Doja's and Laroi's collab. The Weeknd was a good feature on One Right Now, but somehow I think this was kinda of a flop. They both can do better in a track. The Outro (New Recording 12, Jan 3, 2020) and Lemon Tree were really good, tracks like Insane, Euthanasia, I Like You and Wasting Angels are good, the rest it's just okay, but still very enjoyable.
Album that definitely deserved better. A good album, have some bangers, some sad songs.
This album definitely was a big drop in quality from his last album "Hollywood’s Bleeding" which dropped in 2019 but personally i enjoyed most of the tracks on here like the very upbeat and fantastic track "Wrapped Around Your Finger" as well as the absolute standout and pretty underrated track "Love/Hate Letter To Alcohol" which featured the band Fleet Foxes. But even tho there were some amazing tracks on here, there still were some huge stinkers in the tracklist like a track which i thought is one of Post’s worst tracks he has ever released the being the track "I Cannot be(A Sadder Song"(featuring. Gunna) and honestly i think that this track is just super corny, boring and features some plain awful verses from Post Malone. Gunna's verse on there is pretty good tho i gotta admit. So Overall this album is a Strong 6 and even tho this was more of a emotional album for Post most of the tracks on here kinda sucked ngl.
Incrível e algo tão pessoal e profundo em sua forma de produção q conecta mais e mais com o cantor
The album that holds you the most and leaves you breathless. Each verse and each melody were created with great assertiveness
Twelve Carat Toothache deserves a perfect score of 100 and 10/10!!! Post Malone is the best artist on this earth! In this album you can truly hear his heart. Although he shares great pain, it just goes to prove that his heart is the best heart, or I don’t believe he would have ever expressed these words as he so did on this album. ❤️
One of Posty’s greatest works all combined. The stories of how he lost his love and didnt know what direction ction to go in is very apparent in this album. Great features by multiple artists who not only added a special flare to each song but knocked itnout of the park while doing so. Cant wait for more music and great things still yet to come from the young artists.
Most personal body of work, very little replay value, but albums dont need to be that way to be great:)
Esse álbum está incrível, Post Malone mostra que é um dos melhores. Sua diversificação nas músicas são mágicas
the first impression is mediocre, let me try again to see whether I would change the score from 6 to higher or not. Cooped up and One night now are my fav
My favorite release from Posty so far. His vocals are far more angelic than ever before and the songwriting is more personal than ever before. "Love/Hate Letter To Alcohol" is the grandiose, shining example of this: Heavenly vocals, oceanically layered production, and introspective lyrics. As it is a Post Malone record, every vocal is soaked in reverb. Most of the time, it doesn't bother me. There is only one point on the album where the reverb ruins the track. The outro of "Wasting Angels". It legitimately grates the ears and sounds like the choir is in desperate need of water. The rest of the album, however, is gorgeous.
At first listen, I wasn't crazy but man...did it ever grow on me. Favourite tracks: Lemon Tree, Insane, Love Letter, Reputation
Posty, as always, dropped amazingly felt album. As a huge Post Malone fan I'm giving a 10 :)
Probably one of the greatest album of 2022. This album makes the last one feel so outdated.. this project is amazing! Shake and Mike Dean.. supersonic duo.
A sonically unique immersive experience of album with incredible production, gripes are that it can be a little too ambitious at times and some of the songwriting is not great. However, a super solid project overall, though a bit short of the heights of Modus Vivendi
While I don't think it surpasses Modus Vivendi, the vocal harmonization and experimentation throughout the album is done incredibly well. There's a great variety on this album that keeps it interesting and dynamic
Only one song that I skip. Another masterpiece from 070. Better than Modus.
5 anos depois outra obra prima impecável desde a estética até os beats e letra.
It’s too early to properly rate. But this album is so different to what I was expecting, after a few listens I can now see the genius in it
probably the best album released that year along with motomami. Must hear. If you think it’s under 8 you’re a stupid **** Anyways listen to it it’s gonna be your best hour and 13 minutes.
Producción and lyrics on top. More than just songs; poems, experiences and feelings.
Infelizmente não terei uma nota maior que 10 para dar a esse álbum. É monumental, produção impecável, cheio de camadas e é o tipo de álbum que você simplesmente não sabe o que esperar da música seguinte. Kendrick continua se superando e se reinventando, cada parte desse álbum é crucial, todas as faixas estão carregadas de profundidade emocional e honestidade, mais uma vez ele mostra o motivo de ser o maior artista da geração e potencialmente de todos os tempos.
This is the best thing to happen in the music scene in 2022. Heard that Apple Music and Spotify's servers both crashed when the album dropped! Ha awesome. Some hard-hitting, honest, poetic material that may not be for everyone. For everyone else, it's a gift.
This is a masterpiece in introspective rap. Kendrick let’s us in on the trials and tribulations of his stardom and his human struggles within and leaves us with what’s sure to be remembered as one of if not the best rap albums ever.
The versatility of Kendrick can't be understated. I'm honestly completely impressed with the whole album!!❤ That new album is fire!!!
An album on what it means to be a father, a son, a husband, a friend and more important: a man.The most mature Kendrick album
É inovador e revolucionário? É... é sim, extraordinário, é excepcional, é uma experiência como nenhuma outra que eu ativa na vida...
This album is complex yet simple. Kendrick is sincere and letting it all out. The music is **** incredible.
After my first couple listens, probably not up there with To Pimp a Butterfly or Good Kid M.a.a.d City, but I think it's solidly Kendrick's third best album. Some career highlights littered across the record that predominantly focuses on generational trauma within Black families. Some of these highlights include "Auntie's Diaries", a deconstruction of internalized homophobia and transphobia within families, the intro track "United in Grief" which is a much more left field track than I was expecting, and the final two tracks which are both top 20-10 Kendrick songs in my opinion: the stunning "Mother I Sober" featuring Beth Gibbons of Portishead fame and the beautiful closer "Mirror".
I need shocking track and album's musical shocking.Maybe my ears should be changed??
The fact that Kendrick Lamar can take a different direction from the current trend of the hip hop and make a classic album is awesome.
Narrativa espectacular. Con una intro envolvente que advierte sobre lo grandioso del álbum. La primera mitad, llena de ritmo, un exquisito rapeo característico de Lamar y la segunda un tanto más con los decibeles abajo, pero con una letra imponente. Verdaderamente Kendrick ha dejado una lírica extraordinaria mostrándonos un proyecto muy personal. Es una obra de arte.
This is the most intense piece of rap music I've ever listened to. Fantastic stuff indeed.
Kendrick Lamar is a master in his own craft and Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers shows it all. I don't think any other rapper will top this at all and yet K-Dot still remains as the Modern King of West Coast Hip-Hop.
Brilliant. After 5 years the king is back. Great lyrics, great production. A must listen
Musically closer to TPAB than Damn but thematically unlike anything he has ever done.
To say a few words about "MMATBS": it's like "DAMN." but even more experimental, personal and visceral, not his easiest album to jump in, though.A true masterpiece to be listened to for a long time, it will age like wine.
This is one of the most well-put-together and crafted albums I have ever listened to. This is the infinity War of hip-hop albums. The production is incredibly crisp and matches the tones of the music perfectly. The entire thing has a story so strong that it reminded me of Hamilton, like a screenplay. This is Kendrick at his most experimental and it just works. Only the greats can make an album so experimental it becomes a classic in Hip hop (like Yeezus) Every song comes together to create a story that slowly unfolds before you surrounded by perfect production. This has the tellings of an album that will challenge every rap artist and change the soundscape of hip hop. It inspires people to want to be better, to be their best self. It is a reflection of how they all have their own story to tell.It's the most emotional Kendrick. He’s truly showing himself in these songs. It’s very introspective in that aspect.The production is so in-depth. Tells a story in a way that movie soundscapes can. Literally cinematic feels like a movie.It feels like a soundtrack to a movie and you’re seeing all these characters tell their stories.Kendrick Lamar transcends media in this album. It’s a timeless, experimental masterpiece.
This kendrick lamar album is really different from its predecessors with piano and orchestral prod on certain sounds of the album. At the first listening the album does not find any real interest like each of Kendrick's projects. I personally think that the album will have a good longevity over time. Thank you kendrick for working very hard during these 5 years to produce this masterpiece of music.
Álbum do ano, incrível como ele sempre consegue se reinventar, é o maior rapper dessa geração,que entrega mais uma vez um trabalho impecável e super pessoal
It’s like grandma’s cooking; the delicious smell kills you while waiting for the food, but the results were more than worth the wait.Kendrick does what he does best; bringing rap in a unique way, separating himself from the rest. Storytelling almost makes it a new genre. Probably too soon to give a review, but if I like it from the first listen, I’ll grow to love it for sure.
Kendrick is painting pictures of prestibe pictures of Radical Empathy by allowing himself to let his guard down.
Uma das maiores líricas em um álbum de rap que eu já vi, a melodia de todas as músicas é incrível. O maior álbum de Kendrick Lamar e talvez o maior álbum de rap desse século.
Every listen brings you closer to what Kendrick wanted to convey using the beautiful instrumentals, even more beautiful vocals, and perfected rhyme-schemes. He raises issues he has never raised before and does so in such an intimate way that for a minute you think you are in the song and living it along with Kendrick. A masterpiece.
Everything from the variety in flow and rhyme schemes to the topics and the raw honesty in most of the tracks is astounding. The beats, social commentary and personal experience are both thought provoking and refreshing.
Kendrick at his most vulnerable as he tries to muddle through his own depression and reckon his personal life and history with the image that's projected onto him.
I’ve never had so much to say, while simultaneously feeling speechless. This album is truly incredible. A sprawling and dense journey into the mind of one of the greatest artists of all-time.
3rd the best Kendrick album best song savior. it has variety of different types on songs like n95 is fast paced hype song, and mother I sober a sad song.
This is unlike any other Kendrick album as all his albums are. He’s constantly providing a new sound for listeners and this album is no different. From the lyrics to the beats to the storytelling, Kendrick takes listeners on a roller coaster ride from track to track with no expectation of what follows. Arguably his best album since To Pimp A Butterfly.
10/10 Kendrick! Mucha variedad y Canciones con temáticas bastante agradables
Muy bien álbum, de lo mejor de 2022, ya se esperaba el regreso del gran kendrick Lamar y no decepciona en lo absoluto, excelente album
When I think of what makes a great album I think about if it, conveys a story well, if its topics are good and well thought out, if its lyricisim is good, if it is something that you can listen to over and over again, If it is a non overplayed topic, if it has a significant meaning, if there is versatility in the styles, and if it makes the listener feel the feelings the artist is singing about. Mr. Morale and the big steppers is in my opinion Kendricks 3rd best album, but would be most artists best album, I love it from front to back. In some songs kendrick is care free, and boastful but in others he portrays the problems with things such as his relationships, and his feelings on different subjects. In this album he is very vulnerable and open about things such as talking about toxic masculinity and the wrongs of men who use those beliefs. After a 5 year hiatus from solo albums I think this was well worth the wait, this album in my opinion solidifies Kendrick as a top 5 rapper of all time and by far the greatest of my generation, His beats even when simple shines a light on his amazing lyricisim and when there are complex beats his west coast sounds are amazing, I love this album so much I rate it a 10/10
It's simple: this is one of the deepest and most heartfelt rap albums ever made. It is chaotic like the mind of someone who has been through so many chaotic and disturbing moments. It's an intimate blow to Kendrick's feelings and mind.
Father Time on Kendrick Lamar’s new album is incredible, being this vulnerable as a man is not an easy feat. The whole album evokes trauma, vulnerability, and empathy. He’s an artist, in every aspect.
Listening to this album for the first time was quite jarring much like TPAB’s first listen was for me. I suspect it’s that at both times I had different expectations in my head and hearing different kinda threw me off at first. Nonetheless, a couple of spins later I can honestly say that I’m in love with this record. The lyricism is top notch and the production is pristine and sublime. This man is a master at his craft.
genius. i dont know how he continues to push the envelope but he does. a generational artist.
Amazing, an instant masterpiece. Kendrick is indeed in a league of his own. An artist who has so much love for the craft that he doesn't ride waves or do it for the billboard charts but for his heart and the heart of millions. Music as an art can be therapy and Kendrick puts it to great use. Even when he uses a trap kinda beat, it's for a purpose to elevate the message not for club bangers. He has truly distinguished himself from his peers time and time but with this vulnerable work of art, his one of a kind. There is none like him.
At the very very first listen i felt shocked. The whole day, I kept listening and I thought it was definitely a good album, but smth didn’t click with me. Until at like A few re-listens and when I realised more and more of the stuff he was rapping about. This is honestly one of my favourite pieces of work I got from Kendrick. The whole vibe of the album, the topics that r discussed the musical side of the album.. it just levitates me. Another great album from K. Dot
Kendrick Lamar he arrived at the height of his artistic career. This is his most cohesive, complex and excellent work so far. High point for the songs Silent Hill, Die Hard and Father Time.
It’s not as immediate as a GKMC or a TPAB, but it’s still an insane record.
The big one!5 anos de espera trouxe a perfeição, um toque de jazz, com flow insanos de hip-hop e uma lírica que não poupa ninguém, todo mundo está envolvido, até si próprio, obrigado Estados Unidos, obrigado pandemia, obrigado casos de racismo, polêmicas, você merecem, porque vocês deram a fúria ao homem. E ele sabe usar muito bem.Eu não esperava que Kendrick conseguiria novamente se superar, mas ele fez de novo.
Highlights for me:N95, Die hard, Father time, Rich spirit, Purple hearts, Count me out, Silent hill, Saviour, Mr.Morals, mirrors
Kendrick is full command of his poignant, razor sharp lyricism and observational prowess. A dense and deeply affecting project.
A testament to Kendrick’s abilities whilst he sits atop the mountain of hip-hop stars. A poet, taking risks. Going against the grain of what anyone else is doing, he really is the only man who could’ve made this project.
Album of the year, i loved how he called out homophobia by using f slur.King.
A beautiful emotional introspective narrative captivated by catchy melodies, it showcases the versatility of this generation's greatest rapper.With a lyricism compared to Nas, this album demonstrates his mastery, an artist who reinvents himself without losing his brilliance.The emotional charge deposited in the work, the enormous instrumental production and he is the greatest narrator, in this work we hear his.
I don't understand the bad reviews. Best project so far in 2022, King Kendrick!
Outra obra-prima do maior rapper dessa geração.................................
His name is king Kenny for a reason. This album is pure art, Kendrick proves that you don’t need hype beats to make a rap album extraordinary
Álbum do ano. Valeu a pena esperar 5 anos por essa obra prima, obrigado, Kendrick.
Raw and challenging, unrivalled versatility, fearless in tackling observed issues.Utterly peerless.Protect this man at all costs.
El nuevo disco de Lamar es tan variado en temáticas, ritmos y estilos de composición que bien podría tildarse de revolucionario. Las canciones, que podrían considerarse autobiográficas en su mayoría, irradian una verosimilitud de los eventos o recuerdos contados pocas veces escuchados en la música actual. Hay cuidado con los conceptos tratados (desde la transición de género, relaciones tóxicas, amor romántico, traumas de su madre o reconocimiento de su propias trabas a causa de su padre), mientras que la musicalización de todo permite vislumbrar las historias en nuestras mentes, imaginar que estamos frente a la acción e incluso tomar lugar por momentos. Ahora bien, quizá esa variedad y elección de temas podría ser la crítica de los más puristas a este disco: comprender que las temáticas se aprovechan de la idea de "terapia" que abunda en las discusiones actuales. No obstante, yo no soy de los que haría esa crítica. Muy por el contrario, creo que esperar cinco años por este disco es poco para lo que se ha presentado, debido a que bien esperaría otros diez si supiera que lo que podré escuchar es esta obra.
Fantastic display of emotion through the album. Kendrick discusses the struggles he has had in the last 5 years along with fatherhood and trauma from his past that still haunts him. Although it is different than what people may have expected after The Heart Part 5 sonically, the album is full of powerful lyrics and great production.
Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers feels like a series of therapy sessions with a handful of breakthroughs and realizations that lead to personal and relational conflict. Kendrick never attempts to make commercial playlist music.. He makes bodies of artwork that will stand the test of time. He has approached black culture, black trauma, and mental health in the past through different story lines and perspectives. This time he opens the veil into his own personal life experience; the plight of the perceived savior in his community. He is not perfect and never claimed to be. He tries to present that he's just a normal human living through generations of trauma and the expectations on him as an artist, father, son, and lover are unachievable. He cannot please everybody. Please listen to this many times with no expectations and enjoy King Kendrick at his best: The songwriter of our generation get raw, vulnerable, quirky, and uncomfortable.
I loved it. Not because I waited for 5 years for a kendrick album or because he sounds different, but because of the concepts he explores throughout the album. The sound is so unique and futuristic, in my opinion there is profound Kanye influence throughout the album but this isn’t a bad thing. He didn’t specifically borrow other artist’s sound rather he built his own sound onto his influences. It definetly will get better overtime for me, as his previous albums did as well. I still don’t think I’ve understood all the references and topics he explored within the album, even after 7 full listens. Thank you Kendrick. But I still don’t understand the oklama and Mr. Morale aliases. Are they related to each other? I don’t know.
One of the best rap albums of the year, magnific tracks that makes kendrick's comeback something special and perfect, a brilliant work.
Kendrick is more emotional on this album than even DAMN. He is consistent in his message of self-introspection, but the theme of this album goes deeper than just finding who you are. Kendrick wants to be a part of his heritage and a part of his city but wants to recover from the sins of his youth and the sins of his current self. His most powerful songs in this respect are Mother I Sober, Mirror, and Father Time. However, this album answers those longings with peace, peace in his place in the rap game, peace in his place as a father, and peace in his past work and constant message of racial equality and cultural appreciation. Thats what I have gotten from this album with two listens. Who knows what I will get from three or ten listens. This album is beautiful, it isn’t pop and its unlike anything he has ever done. But it is a mournful, energetic at points, nostalgic, and triumphant statement that will age like fine wine. Definitely worth a listen, make sure you have good headphones.
He continues to shift the music landscape, transcending the bounds of just being being called the greatest rapper. Easily a timeless classic. Honest & vulnerable. Uncomfortable yet comforting at the same time.
Another classic my Kendrick Lamar!I'll bet that is going to be the top rated hip-hop album of all time!
This is God Tier art, genuinely. Kendrick has somehow managed to elevate himself further. He is really taking victory laps at this point. God MC.
Joya de álbum, desde principio a fin me encantó, en realidad es algo que puedes estar escuchando y disfrutando toda la letra y melodía, te amo Kendrick
Flawless album. The production is out of this world, features are great, lyricism is amazing. Kendrick experimenting these new varieties of sounds didn't fail at all. The message behind the album is also very strong. A brilliant introspective and personal album. A very very versatile masterpiece which will get better and better every listen.
Kendrick is now truly in a league of his own. He is beyond comparisons to 2pac and the like now. This is about the 3rd time he has completely evolved as an artist. Good Kid Mad City, To Pimp A Butterfly, And now This.. wow. Witness greatness.
Kendrick returns in full form. This album is clearly his most personal, focussing on specific childhood trauma that he experienced then reaching outward to make a statement about trauma in general.
You don't just listen to this music. Its a full body experience .I'm so glad I can count to 10.
Poderoso, fresco, poderoso, nuevos sonidos, poderoso, bella composición, poderoso, tremendamente bailable y MUY PODEROSO.
Its a classic by the second/third listen, an album made for him as a counselling session. Raw, genuine and progressive. Perfect for his final TDE album. Now he can go make fun stuff with his own label PgLang
Кендрик — мужчина. Самый взрослый и личный альбом, при этом затронет намного больше людей, чем TPAB. Браво.
This is the greatest album of the 2020s so far. The whole project is basically if good kid, m.A.A.d city, and DAMN had a baby, and it's perfect.
No se necesita buscar una buena producción como la encontramos en DAMN. para considerar este nuevo álbum: una obra de arte. Tenemos lo que siempre hemos tenido (y apreciado) de oklama; que es una composición y letras increíbles, con grandes rimas y flow.
Everything I wanted from a Kendrick album, while the concept isn't as strong as previous titles such as GKMC or TPAB, Mr Morale and the Big Steppers is an incredible experience front to back and offers more variety in sound than those projects. Kendrick experiments with new flows, cadences and production styles on this project more than ever before, even the contrast between the piano driven intro of "United in Grief" compared to the synth heavy anthem that is N95 is massive, yet Kendrick manages to keep the whole album consistent in quality and cohesive with his incredible rhymes, personal and introspective subject matter and great storytelling.In terms of sonics, Mr Morale and the Big Steppers could arguably be Kendrick's most cinematic album to date. Baby Keem's "Savior - Interlude" is an incredible example of this. While Kendrick isn't vocally on this track, you can tell he was behind the boards as Keem was recording his verse, rapping about family troubles and experiences over some regal and elegant strings that wouldn't be out of place from a classic Stanley Kubrick flick.Overall Mr Morale and the Big Steppers is a vision fully realized by one of rap's biggest artists right now, an auditory film of Kendrick's life from when we last heard from him on 2017's DAMN, in the words of Tyler, The Creator - “He’s trying new voices. He’s trying new **** He’s still learning. You can tell he was off his phone for a few months.”
Kendrick vuelve despues de 5 años esperando desde DAMN en 2017, un album buenisimo que o rectifica como el rey del genero
Kendrick stayed true to himself, again going mainstream with conscious rap. The album's themes are expanding on what he started on TPAB and DAMN with a lot of personal touch and storytelling which is something new and welcoming for Kendrick, who preferred to tell the stories of other people. No bangers but 10/10 still
Mr Morale and the Big Steppers is a deeply personal album which explores themes of loneliness, grief, fake relationships and imposter syndrome, Kendrick delves deep into his mental state and attempts to dissect the current state of the world and how it is personally affecting him.Throughout the album Kendrick takes a journey through his own mind, airing out his feelings of grief ("United In Grief"), to childhood trauma ("Father Time" and "We Cry Together"), to the pressure of being such a reveerd artist ("Count Me Out") and finally aiming towards peace in the album's finale, "Mirror". This journey mirrors a therapy session for Kendrick, which is something mentioned throughout the album, he uses this record as a platform to air out his feelings and help himself feel. This creates such a raw emotional feel to the record, which as a listener you can't help but admire, Kendrick's lyrical content provides something that everybody can relate to, yet something that is innately personal to Kendrick.However, Kendrick doesn't only touch on his own emotion, he also offers his opinion on a few external topics, such as the current state of the world on "Savior" and "N95", and pushes for transgender rights on "Auntie Diaries". The way Kendrick presents these topics echos the way he presented themes in 2015s "To Pimp A Butterfly", first discussing the themes then presenting how it affects him personally and how he thinks people should be handling it. Kendrick clearly has a very strong opinion on the current state of the rap game, saying the emphasis on the culture can only lead to negativity, a theme he also explored on the album's prequel track "The Heart Part 5". The way he presents his view on transgender rights on "Auntie Diaries" is through a beautiful journey of self discovery and regret, he touches on his past mis-actions, speaking how on he regrets them and eventually compares his use of the F-word to the girl singing "MAAD City"'s use of the N-word, this comparison offers insight into Kendrick's mindset, and helps the listener fully understand Kendrick's viewpoints.The lyricism isn't the only great thing about this album, the production is also top tier, the album features many turns on production styles, however, none of them feel out of place, from the experimental drums of "United In Grief" and "Worldwide Steppers", to the trap bangers "N95 and Silent Hill", to the beautiful moving depth of music in "Father Time and Auntie Diaries", all of the beats have something new yet high calibre to offer. These unique beats are tied together through not only Kendricks impeccable flows, but also plenty of piano sprinkled throughout, keeping a tight feel throughout the entire record which creates a cohesive listener experience for the listener.Overall, Mr Morale and the Big Steppers is one of the greatest hip-hop albums of all time, presenting ideas in a way that no other artist can, and it truly solidifies Kendricks place in rap as one of the greatest of all time.10/10
His capacity to tackle points that are tormenting African American community and are as yet awkward to defy is praiseworthy. Mr morale and Big steppers has perfect elements, applaudable song arrangement, however much this is a twofold collection a limit for a decent undertaking project is 16 melodies, F word should have been censored same way as N*****, I'll give this one a 9/10 since despite the fact that everybody is qualified to their own truth yet presence of mind should let you know that somethings are left obscure.
Cool album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
At first, honestly I wasn't a huge fan. After 5 listens, I consider this a masterpiece. Even better than his last release DAMN. Just so full of heart and passion.And such a consistent experience all around. Still one of if not the best catalogues in hip-hop.
I appreciate the progression on this one. dope album, will take time to see where it stands against his other works.
I loved the concept of the album, and how personal it got in the last moments. The only song I didn’t enjoy was Rich Spirit. I think that was more like a filler song and didn’t need to end up in the album.
I'm on my fourth listen of this record and I can safely say that this is one of the best sonic experiences i've ever had the pleasure of witnessing. However, I don't really like the production on this record as much as I liked the production on "To Pimp A Butterfly", but that's just a personal opinion. Kendrick will no doubt go down in history as one of the most influential artists, and this album further bolsters that statement.
Even though it’s not Kendrick’s best work, but he definitely made a powerful comeback.
So far my rankings of Kendrick albums 1: TPAB 2: GKMC3: Mr Morale (2-3 are interchangeable)4: DAMN5: Section 80It’s one of his most experimental albums yet. I can see this album not clicking with everyone cause it doesn’t have any traditional “hits” but i personally love it for that. Most these songs will be on repeat for awhile
Loved every song from the album and Kendrick brings a new sound combined with his old sound, Real instant classic.
An amazing piece of art. This is Kendrick's most vulnerable project yet, exposing everything that we might not know about him. Of course the G.O.A.T dropped a masterpiece, no one expected anything else.
like the rest of his albums he touches on current problems and current events in this album, the first half seems more experimental, it sounds smooth and you get on some songs almost boom bap, the first half seems to feel it’s more about love and the problems that come along with them. while on the other hand the second half seems more modern rap and hip hop, i genuinely thought one of them was a don toliver song, and it tackles the normal made it out of the hood and also talks on modern topics. overall a pretty good album, when i started writing this review i had it at an eight, but as i was thinking about it i thought about tpabf and how it was monumental and how you can listen to it and remember all the problems and topics of 2015 to 2016. i started thinking that i could listen to this song in about five years and remember everything that happened this year. also the production on the album is amazing as always
experimental, honest, with realities that people cant face. great body of work.
This album is another themed album from Kendrick Lamar. Themes of theater and classical music are littered throughout. While Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers has “no radio hits” it does not need them. To Pimp a Butterfly did not have instant radio ready hits. This album sounds new, fresh and relevant. It is exactly what we need for this place, this time, this life. That is Kendrick. 9/10
When compared to Kendrick's past albums, it is a slight let down. However, it's still an exceptional album, and lyrically, it is Kendrick at his best.
70 mins of Kendrick depicting his art at a new level, all the while giving you many food for thoughts!
Volvemos a tener después de 5 años al mismo Lamar de siempre, un excelente álbum que no Innova ni tampoco experimenta.Simplemente un buen álbum con buena instrumental y excelente contenido lirical
Uncompromising humanity. Saying what's hard to say like it's nothing. In his position of influence, doing this is incredibly brave.
So complex and very unique from his other projects, I really have enjoyed this album in the short time it’s been out.
Its a work of art wherever you see it, maybe is his most emocional album and also his best work
good, good and good, i have no words to sayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Amazing, a masterpiece, it's a vulnerable side of Kendrick, talking about maturity, black parenting and relationship, it's deep and important
Truly one of his most introspective albums. Touching on so many topics with each song, while also commenting on self struggles. From the lyrics, to the mixing. Everything is just beautiful. While i can agree that its more of a slow album, it doesn't ruin the flow at all with Kendrick still managing to give us some bangers. A all round amazing album when you really listen too it, which is why so many people that listened to it once called it mid and boring... One of my favourite albums he's released to date and definitely lived up to my expectations.
this album shows Kendrick talking about the culture we see this in his songs like we cry together showing how toxic the black/mainstream culture is he shows the toxicity of culture with the arguing in we cry together of the culture of mainstream media in auntie stories showing how strong his auntie was for transitioning when the media hated trans and now how the media demonizes opinions that that are different when he says the f slur saying he's gonna get canceled show Kendrick genius and how he stick to the theme of culture throughout even including Kodak black a known racist and trump supporter showing if we disagree we don't have to hate like Kanye with marlin Manson and dababy now to say this is right or not is to the individual but we can acknowledge Kendrick theme and idea how he shows it and how great it is put into a song also the combination of rhymes and beats flowing and clashing seals Kendrick's place as a top artist no other artist can compare to his genius
Best Kendrick album yet! The issues he discusses are often disregarded in the music industry. This is his most transformational album!
Como era de se esperar, o álbum é nível Kendrick Lamar, não possui erros, músicas não são repetitivas e todas passam uma mensagem diferente. O vocal também impecável, assim como os beatsNão poderia ser diferente 10/10
As a new addition into Kendrick discography this is a 10/10. Ever song gives joy and an expansion of the mind.
I was beyond impressed with this album. A musical journey from Track 1 - 18, with powerful instrumentals, vocals, and messaging regarding grief, introspection, and aspects of modern culture. Worth repeated listens and an instant classic!
simply a masterpiece. kendrick outdoes himself with a phenomenal lyricism by every song and presents the listener with one of the best storytelling ever made in the history of hiphop. this albuns has remarkable songs and features, with only a couple songs that may be not as good as the others given the high standard this album puts. this gotta be the best kendrick album since to pimp a butterfly. the only reservation I got through this album is that it may not be one that can be played in repeat for a average listen, but the quality of this piece of art is a 10 in every aspect. I would truly give a 9.5 out of 10 but a 10 simplifies all of my feelings through this album.
After listening to the album a few times, I can safely say Kendrick has done it again. The storytelling on this offering is so vivid and beautiful, but don't be surprised if some of the lyrics hold up a mirror to show your reflection. A lot of relatable stuff on here, and a lot of Kendrick reflecting on his own issues and the growth that's come from it. 10/10 easily, from the stellar production to the tantalizing lyrics this was truly a work of art and I will most definitely be listening over and over all week to digest it completely.
This album is a trip, he somehow told the story of self development and mental health progression in the style of a play/musical. There is still a lot to dissect but because of where I am mentally and recently opening up to therapy and being put on medication for PTSD, this album just sits right with me. It makes me feel that I’m not alone and even my idol goes through the same stuff that I go through, while also giving me hope that I can resolve my inner conflicts.
Different approach, great content, huge effort of art infused in the music. A classic
This album is probably going to be divisive because it is unlike Kendrick has ever released. If you ask me, that is all the more reason to love it. It's personal, it's raw, and it's at the same time subtle.
20/10, tremendo álbum God sinceramente considero que es de lo mejor que ha sacado Kendrick desde DAMN
the bestest album of this year. definitely not disappointed, i knew he’d give some bops as always
New **** new kung fu kenny! For real though this is **** amazing, please please listen
Sometimes an artist shift in a way that makes us feel uncomfortable or overlooked as fans of their art. I always welcome when an artist makes music for them and not us. Kendrick continues to show us how self dedicated he is. This isn't music...it's performance art over a beat. Cheers
Another masterpiece, Kendrick Lamar never disappoints, the music composed is excellent, and the lyrics are even more, this album was really, really good
una obra maestra de pie a cabeza, es increíble lo que logra trasmitir! todas las canciones conectan con el oyente.
This Album is complex. If you go in with expectations, you are going to miss it. It literally feels like the Audio of a play or opera. It’s like a one man show. With ocassional guest appearance to assist during specific acts. THE CREATIVITY IS JUST STUPID. One of those pieces of work where you just need to sit! Kendrick become void vulnerable and bares his soul. Not worried about critics (although he has rave reviews again), or streams, or sales. It’s just an honest piece of therapy, by one great artist. Definitely not made for the culture but definitely something this wack ass culture needs. For those of us it reaches, I say THANK YOU FOR SHARING. Aunties Diariea, We Cry Together, Mother I Sober, Die Hard, Roch Spirit, Mr Morale, Solent Hl, Saviour, I mean just the album as a whole. It’s a lot to digest, but I love music that takes me out of my comfort zone.IT IS A MAGNIFICENT PIECE OF ART!!!! He chose Him….and shouldn’t be sorry! I love it!
It's incredible how he combines different topics and different styles on that album.
There's nothing to say. This album is ***ing perfect. Song 8 is so much fun.
I think it's a great album with insane production. At the same time kendrick lyriscim is always top tier with this album feeling more like a therapy through all the songs.
El mejor álbum que he escuchado en mi vida, maldita sea es tan perfecto, desde N95 hasta Wey Cry Together, simplemente perfecto
Incredibile album, i will say that is maybe even better than tpabf, the first disc off the album contains incredible tracks such as we cry togheter, the second disc has a sound less jazzy but it's still incredible.
Another inscrutable opus from Compton's finest. This is what we've been waiting for.
Outstanding storytelling and messages provided in this masterpiece of an album .
Best album in History. So inspirational, so emotional, so true. He is the most real artist after Tupacs death.
This album is only but a confirmation that Mr. Morale actually achieved the breakthrough that he claims in his psychological exploration of his psyche. Despite few moments of awkwardness of the beats and rhymes of some tracks, MMTBS is nothing less than a masterpiece that's well thought out and executed. The world should be glad that he took his time to grow before saying something again.
Best rap album of the decade best album of all genre in all categoriesHe is certified Goat
Incredible production, mix, themes, the album is dense so you need some listen to understand it and appreciate it.
Kendrick Lamar’s most raw, personal, emotional album.Kendrick is a human being with flaws and he is not anyones savior.
This album won’t work for everyone in Kendrick’s fan base or general audience, but this album takes risks, directions, and cues from many different places and artists in such an incredible fashion, it’s baffling. There’s moments where Kendrick is just being himself in the best way possible, such as the controversial but passionately beautiful Auntie Diaries, or the amazing storytelling in Mother I Sober, but surprisingly, the traditional Kendrick songs are a minority among this track list. While Baby Keem and Kendrick’s cyclical influence is obvious here, what shines even harder is Kanye West’s. Songs here are structure like there ripped straight from The Life Of Pablo. Count Me Out and N95 sound gritty and gloating just like West’s signature style. Kendrick takes inspiration from Common, GZA, and many more, yet one thing rings through all of these, he does it, on average, better than they all do. It’s incredible the growth in artistry, writing, and weight that Kendrick shows on this amazing project. The only reason this isn’t a 10, is due to the lackluster WorldWide Steppers and the middling Silent Hill, besides that, almost every song is perfect in it’s own way.
I've listened to this front to back and I love it. I know it doesn't have a stand out hit song or songs like DAMN. but it's more of a continuous look in how he sees the world and how he got to that viewpoint and I like that. N95 is great too.
Kendrick Lamar has gotten to a difficult point in his career. It's the realization that the only man people compare him to is himself. This album isn't about the industry or some greater picture. It's about Kendrick Lamar, his thoughts, his struggles, and his growth. That's what makes this album so unique compared to anything else he has ever released before. The sound may be more modern than what people are used to from Lamar, but it's executed well. It definitely grows on you over time. I don't know that this album is for sure a 10, but seeing the album rated a 0 as if it has no worth is frustrating and I am compensating for that.
Breathtaking. Just, breathtaking. The amount of emotion in each song, the lyricism as always. Amazing
Better than DAMN. Honestly people are just hating tl hate. This album is simply amazing
Still too early to process the album. Only time can tell how this album preforms. It's his deepest album, almost like a therapy session for him, as he reveals the struggles of his past and how they still haunt him. Superb mix of deep songs (Mother I Sober) and hype songs (N95) which all deliver.
After more than five years finally a new Kendrick album, it was an amazing project, and i hope some more of this new Kendrick style can come out more often.
Absolutely fantastic album, tackling many real world issues and getting really serious at times. Kendrick never misses.
Man, Kendrick has done it again. This album was so immersive, and a lot of songs were that real **** Mirror, crown, rich spirit, aunties diaries, silent hill, savior, we cry together and united in grief are my favourites
This is an album that differs from previous themes delved into on prior albums by Kendrick. Mr. Morale and The Big Steppers is a significantly introspective album about who Kendrick is as a person and how he has grown since his earliest days. It is profoundly human, and what I believe to be an album that Kendrick made for himself more so than to “please everyone.” Production is also top-notch, and combined with k-dots signature poetic lyricism there is enough for me to deem this album an instant classic. 94/100.
simply amazing. every listen it gets better and better to the point where i think it might be my favorite Kendrick album.
SUCH a great album. Even lowkey better than DAMN. and that was one of my favorite albums of all time! The beats are great, Kendrick performs ridiculous flows, the lyrics are immaculate and the variation is good enough. Absolutely no skips and overall the best album we have had in a few years!
This record is Kendrick's most personal. It delves in the concepts of therapy, toxic relationships, bad parenting, and much more. Kendrick is back and the hiatus was worth it.
Como era de esperarse, Kendrick saco un álbum con excelente lirica y producción, las canciones expresan sentimiento por parte de ambos sectores, sin duda uno de los favoritos al AOTY.
experimental, creative and inspirational. In some ways, DAMN. remains top tier, but that doesn't mean that this album is not as good as the previous album
it’s one of the best albums that i've heard in all my life, is simply a masterpiece.
Hearing Kendrick get so personal on this album was a real treat, just getting a deeper dive into his life and he dealt with quite a few heavy topics on this album, however I feel like his soundscape suffered a bit from the focus on his message, songs like Mr. Morale sound like they came straight from Black Panther. Overall great album and probably Kendrick’s 3rd best.
This is Kendrick’s most personal album yet, he lays it all out from his childhood trauma to his current mental state. He touches on many important topics in really hard hitting ways and it’s so beautiful to see such a massive artist unshackling themselves from preconceived notion’s and being so… human.
Alright, this is gonna be hard. I'm writing this in English although is not my main language, but i want to reach the max people i can. Right now at the moment, i'm been through a rough depression, my days are completely trash and i feel like the ugliest and worst person alive. Constantly i have suicidal thoughts and most part of the things i've liked in some point of my life just don't seems the same thing.But this album... Really did something.I was really excited to the new Kendrick album, but in the same week he was dropping i had some real bad crisis. When it dropped i was awake in the dawn, and i thought with myself: "Ah, alright, i don't have nothing more to do, let's listen to that".And man, it was really special. Every track showing some really deep narrative, great melodies, an absolute insane production. I wasn't expecting something so good as it is this one.Some tracks i will bring to my entire life, like "Die Hard", "Father Time", "Rich Spirits", and specially "Count Me Out".This is the prime Kendrick again in the scene.I don't think my depression disappeared, but i'm really better after that, when i'm down i'll always listen to this album, cause it's really impactful in my life.Thanks a lot Kendrick Lamar, you're one of my main inspirations in life. 10/10.
This album undoubtedly is the album of the year, appreciate 5 years of absence of a big album which combine his previous albums, just a masterpiece
Flawless one, Kendrick takes one step forward every album he drops. Production, lyrics, order of the album. Perfection at its peak.
Worth the awaiting Lamar delivers his most emotional album, he goes deeper and deeper into the human psyche with a lot of heart. One of his best wait sorry his best ?
A brutally honest album... Best album we've heard since Fiona Apple's Fetch The BoltCutters...
Its fire, Kendrick is back with the fire, feeling free and experiment with new sounds for his music
Just here to show support! Stream it ladies and gentlemen! Have a great day. This comment is a filler and it won’t let me post unless I have 75 characters
One of the best hip hop albums released and a very pleasurable listening experience.
It is an album with celestial notes and lyrics written by the gods outside this plane. Kendrick Lamar has the power to do this, he definitely deserves to be album of the year
The King of Rap never disappoints. This album has saved hip hop because I have been less than impressed by recent music.
This is a certified masterpiece. Kendrick Lamar has literally outdone himself with this one. It's possibly his best ever album to date.
Kendrick Lamar... What else is there to say, fans are once again given one of the greatest albums of the generation. It's just the expectation for K-Dot. No song on this album lets it down and they are all near-perfect songs
This is not only the best album I've heard this year... This is the best album I've heard since To Pimp a Butterfly. This is not an exaggeration, it actually feels reserved to give it a 10/10. It is an example of the heights that music and art in general can achieve. Kendrick Lamar isn't even my favourite rapper, that's probably MF DOOM, with other rappers like Kevin Abstract, Gambino, Andre 3000, Earl Sweatshirt, Danny Brown, etc in contention. But Kendrick Lamar is taking music and storytelling to a far higher degree than I've ever seen in rap, or even music in general for the last few years. This is an instant classic and everyone should soak this up, although there's too much depth here to explore, until enough time has passed. Kendrick may not be my favourite MC, but I've considered him the GOAT for quite a while.
Kendrick continues to do what no one else does, the greatest artist of our time.
Kendrick rebuking outdated homophobic religious views and instead choosing humanity while also addressing generational trauma and sexual abuse yea..stop playin hes that guy!
A great double disc, provided listeners with a wide spectrum of tracks, fans received an album which combined his previous style to showcase his songwriting and deep ideas that trouble kendrick and he has given us a full palate of tracks to satisfy every type of fan, this isn’t an album on a single subject but more broad ideas on each track, but certain songs resonate with the world we live in today, it isn’t for everyone but for the Kendrick Lamar fan which loves to listen to the words of Lamar, top notch production as always. Song construction is cohesive, genius and engaging.
Wow, I have listened to a total of 53,773 albums in my lifetime and this is BY FAR the greatest I have ever heard. Ranging from the relatability of tracks such as ‘We Cry Together’, to the incredibly deep lines from features such as Summer Walker on ‘Purple Hearts’ where she proclaims “It ain’t love if you ain’t eat my ass”.Thank you Kendrick Lamar Duckworth, you have officially completed music.
Kendrick is breaking new ground and crushing the stereotype of what a rapper and hip hop artist can be. The fact that he somehow continues to do this after several highly regarded albums is a testament of how dedicated he is to his craft as an artist. I would say that Mr. Morale and the Big Steppers is peak Kendrick Lamar..But that would imply that Kendrick has a peak.
There are some amazing ideas and songs on this album. The trio from Aunties diaries to Sober-Mother might be the best 3-song run on any Kendrick album, ranging from deeply personal to club-ready banger and right back into the deeply personal without feeling awkward. The album does, however, have some lackluster moments, especially instrumentally. Silent Hill just sounds uninspired and the "huhhhh!" part of the chorus made me roll my eyes. Still a solid album but with more skips than the average Kendrick project.
The highs are high and the lows are low. It's not a 5 star or a perfect album. While it has some of his best work, it also had skippable moments. Wish I liked it more.
It's been about a decade now that Kendrick Lamar has increasingly become a critically-acclaimed MC, but with his 4th major studio-album, he's putting on concrete the simple fact that he's the greatest rapper in the history of music, dead or alive. With his astonishing storytelling abilities, his admirable heart-on-sleeves confessions, his brilliant beats mixed with mind-blowing rhymes; all of the above, and maybe a little more is present on "Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers", a one-of-a-kind emotional tale about the journey through oneself worth, relationship and purpose. It's deeply raw, tumultuous and not for the faint of heart. It's also one of the greatest rap albums of all time, the third from Kendrick after TPAB and GKMD.
The five years wait was worth the wait as Kendrick gave us a perfect album.
An outstanding LP that will eventually with time become his best album since TPAB
The introspective is really incredible in this album. Another work from Kendrick that is completely unlike the others. This one will take some time to digest for most to fully appreciate it.
Album is just kinda mid. crowns is nothing but Kendrick saying he can't please everyone and we cry together is just a argument over a beat (Edit) I listened to the album again its pretty good ignore the first review except for the part about Crowns and We Cry Together I still believe.
A classic album by a legendary musician. Its a journey in the mind of one of the greatest while he shares his vulnerabilities and sacrifice his ego for the greater good . I am.All of us .
Masterpiece, nothing more nothing less. From the overall production, to the song song writing everything is just impeccable.
In my opinion this is a good album, but a bad Kendrick-album. Its a huge step-down from his last albums. The lyrics and flows are amazing. But the instrumentals were so boring. Except for a few tracks, I just couldn't really enjoy the album.
Has some great lyrics, both bars and lyrics. Just not an album I really want to vibe to. Just playing while playing video games or on a drive, just doesn’t do it for me.
Underwhelming. Subjects are deep. Production is great. But most of the songs ultimately miss the mark and feel jumbled. Some good sings like mirror, n95, die hard and Father Time. Unfortunately, as a Kendrick Lamar fan, it’s a clear step down for me from his other classic albums like, damn, to pump a butterfly, and good kid, maad city. I can see this album growing on ppl, but only to his true fans. With clear lack of radio hits, most people won’t give it enough listens to it allow it to grow on you.
Overall very underwhelming. Less cohesiveness, edge, and impressive lyricism than past works. The album feels uninspired and captures themes like stress, anxiety, and depression much more literally and less creatively than on DAMN (namely on FEEL and FEAR). It was perhaps too much to hope for a fourth straight classic, but I didn’t think Mr. Morale would fall below Section.80.
++ INITIAL THOUGHTS FIRST, FINISHED REVIEW AFTER++(GAVE IT A 5/10 initially!)(1) First listen through and some replays of "mr morale" or "united" (because i remembered some of their melody parts): Altough topics seem really great for Americas ego "culture" problems. its feeling a little like medieval ages for the rest of the western world.it might be ignorant by me, but I can only judge from my perspective and I know that we all know that that's okay if we have compassion for each other.I'm not convinced that lyrics alone can make a track.I see the most enhancement opportunity in the track-list of our critiqued album, because every song has that monotone-monologue going on for them and thats not my personal taste.To extend, it's exhausting to keep up with the melody to me.I think the album would be a lot more fulfilling if there would be one explosive track in contrastive, just in terms of mixing volume of melody and lyrics to convey subtext of choice."Heart 5" (as a foreword for this album) had that explosive wanted characteristic. the purist smokey voice and melody in harmony.In that matter it is a little bit of a letdown for me compared to Maad, Tu Pimp or DAMN for me.I respect it, but I think I wouldn't listen to any of these tracks again, aside individual tracks that might grow on my like Mr. Morale maybe.~ Will update review when I change my mind when listening more to it.~(2) I literally missed all the bangers although I my initial impression was rock solid there was no catchy stuff. Thinking of:-'Rich Spirit' (MELODIC BANGER WTH) no words needed.-'Silent Hill' where Kendrick jumps into newschool making me vibe to a literal "lil uzi vert" vibe-'Saviour' (i.e at 1:05) with its establishing shot back to "we cry together" right into a "political correctness.. how you keep an opinion?" just to use that as a heavy feeling dropinstant classics.This album is a deep meditation and reflection by one individual about different ego influenced topics. But not only for himself but for a mass so contrastful ranging from gang culture to mainstream, ready for YOU to explore. Drop your ego and explore the transformation. one thing is certain "CHANGE IS INEVITABLE"(altough like said in day 1 "medieval ages" since theres even(!) more topics to be explored like this intellectually e.g. conscious living, de-attachment, (over)consumption, welfare systems in automatized world or animal ethics - just to name a few)give it a try even though it feels different, its a transformation to go
To pimp a butterfly on a Molly comedown.Full of heart and soul it seems, however none of the heart and soul that existed within him in albums prior. That guy's gone.
Just wow. Kendrick is truly the goat, the features are perfect, the instrumental, lyrics everything about the album is magical
His worst album by far. Sonically the album doesn't sound that great. Production is very poor especially from the first half of the album. Some of the concepts here are interesting but the way its delivered is very bland. It honestly feels like a collection of B sides and throwaways that didn't make it onto Damn.I don't see much replay value here and after a few months I think most people will forget about this project.Standout Tracks: Savior, Mirror and Mother I sober.Rest: Mid-Trash
I listened to the album multiple times and I just was not impressed. It seems like a huge step down from Kendrick's last album. There was a few good songs but way too many skips.
i fell asleep in my lesson to this but then woke up to kendrick saying hed dick my dick on we cry together. so then i felt repent to jesus so i gave it a 10
i don't really like it nearly as much as other albums, some songs like the kodak interludes are either long or just unnecessary and the first half is really bad at times, seconds half's pre good tho but this 0 is just for the first half
Sooooo underwhelming oh my GOD.. waited over 5 years for Kendrick’s return and it seems like he hasnt grown a single bit as an artist over the last 5 years. The production is subpar, the rapping is subpar, the features were disappointing, it lacks originality and it doesnt compare to any of his previous work. Easily his worst project.
The album is terrible and definitely his worst. Anyone calling it good is d*ckriding.
overrated mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid mid
Underwhelming. His lyricism is always top tier but the production on this album is monotone and nothing new. I will be listening to it again and I hope it grows on me because as a huge fan of his previous albums, I want to love this.
this was disappointing. 5 years and kendrick gave us boring trap-rap. Sounds like scrapped songs off of Baby Keem's "The Melodic Blue". Anyone could've made this album, its dull.
Homophobic slurs were said. Bad overrated album,, also I won't support anybody who offends the lgbtqia+ community.
I'm in tears. This is the biggest let down of my my entire life. I can't believe I wasted 5 years of my life anticipating this for nothing.
By far Kendricks's worst project. Sonically this album does not measure up to his fantastic discography in the past or the contemporary albums of his peers. There are some good concepts on this Album but they are poorly executed. Lyrics Production and Flows are all average. You know its bad when Kodack Black needs to carry the song with Kendrick's subpar performance. No hit songs here that will compare to albums like DAMN and Madd City. Immensely disappointing after a 5 year hiatus.This is coming from a decade-long Kendrick fan. This is the only honest review you will see on this site.
Kendrick finally hit a piece of lint in his previously fascinating career spent navel-gazing. Songs here mostly lack structure, drums, flow, cohesion, nuance, power, and energy. Surprisingly mediocre release with big emperor’s new clothes vibes.
Quite underwhelming, I can always appreciate artists doing their own thing and expressing it in the way they feel comfortable in, but this album falls very flat for me. A lot of the songs sound the same instrumentally and compared to Section 80, Good kid and TPAB this is very very far from his best work. I don't hate the album at all, I just don´t like it. hopefully the next one is great :)
Just logging in to give this junk a low score in a vain attempt to let the rap obsessed know their idol has no clothes on.
I really like Kendrick, TPAB is one of my favorite albums ever, I love DAMN and GKMC as well. When the Heart pt. 5 dropped I was very excited. But this album is, well, a grower. I don't think it is as tightly connected or harmonious as the previous ones. I don't think it has the same pacing as TPAB or DAMN. I don't think it hits the same highs. I do think there are special songs here, like Father Time or We Cry Together, that you will really not get anywhere else. But I just don't know, it didn't do the same thing for me as the previous ones.
Nyejwtjwtnyemeykwyjywkywjwykw6ke6k6wkstkstmagmaynatmatmagmatnatbwtbta acbtabwf
Estou completamente extasiado após ouvir o disco, o Kendrick mais uma vez soube inovar e e entregar uma completa obra de arte.
We can appreciate a very free, vulnerable and personal Kendrick project. The way he describes and shows each of his own traumas and personal histories on his own way in a very well produced musical sound a very deep project.
This album is decent. It hits some good high points lyrically and musically. The instrumentalism in some tracks is some of the best I have ever heard and in others, it's very disappointing. I think this is the story of this album, the high points were phenomenal and the low points were just meh. Lyrically, it is a similar story to the instrumentalism, with some solid points (United in Greif, Purple Hearts, and Auntie Diaries), and some weaker points (We Cry Together). Mr. Morale was definitely the stronger half of the album, and I will likely revisit that side, but The Big Steppers was pretty dull for me.
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Maybe my copy was bootlegged, but this album is garbage. Noise, lame lyrics, boring, a million light-years away from Lamar's best work to date, "To Pimp A Butterfly". Not sure what the "experts" are hearing to give this a 100, not even close. The hype definitely driving these ratings, because it can't be the music.
It's not bad by any means, but it also isn't great. He sacrifices musical value for intricate storytelling and to me it doesn't pay off. The production is uninspired and there isn't a lot of replay value here. The lyricism is top notch however. The problem with this album is that he tried to re-capture the ethos of Good Kid, but is so far removed from that life at this point that it doesn't resonate like it once did, and his modern day problems really aren't as captivating to listen to. Sorry, but a song about accepting your transgender relatives just doesn't make for a particularly riveting or relatable track.
An incredibly deep, personal, well-written, and exceptionally well-produced album.It's also incredibly boring and has zero energy. While I appreciate the sentiments on mental health, trans rights, and personal matters presented in these lyrics, the beats could cure insomnia and there is none of the catchy fire that Kendrick does so well on previous albums.If this album is a 10, TPAB and GKMC are a 50.
Amazing lyrics, thats it. The entire Album can't offer more than good relflexions and a great interpersonality with Kendrick, a personal project that can't bring the spark to eveyone.
I don’t like it it’s giving 2014 rap and cheap I honestly prefer Damn more than this album it doesn’t have hits it’s just a lyrical rap album
This album is a bit of a disappointment. No bangers or anthems like past albums. Most songs are sad and depressing but don’t cover any new ground. We Cry Together is by far the worst song I’ve heard in years. There are a few decent tracks here but overall this is Kendrick’s worst album by far.
Disappointing when you consider we are talking about Kendrick Lamar here and a 5 year hiatus. The production is the highlight of the album and that should tell you a lot about this album. Very bland sound and kind of a snooze fest as a project. I feel you only going to really like this if you are a die hard K Dot stan. Different than his last projects the parts that he´s being introspective and talking about his feelings will actually make you feel bored, and I think that´s because the different approach he had to the instrumentals and the beats. All in all this is his worst project and this will make you feel tired when listening to it, the parts that he tries go get loose a little bit more sound a bit forced and cringy, especially on Silent Hill, oh god that song is bad (even though Kodak really brings a new fresh approach to the album and sound really refreshing and nice on this track). It sounds like he made this album for himself and his family, you have to be personally attached to him or his family to find this interesting
I see what he was trying to do with this album but it was completely off the mark. A lot of topics could of been presented way better and they just weren’t. There were also certain things he shouldn’t have said, no matter why he said them or what point he was trying to get across. It just wasn’t cohesive.
This is a good album, but it is much less than I expected. If you're a real fan, you'll understand me. It's not even in the top 5 Kendrick's album.
to be kendrick lamar if it's too bad , I am quite disappointed, he raps as if he were speaking, it is not innovative, he focuses more on his lyrics than on his production
I think you should do better ! But obviously you didn’t. I start to wait for the next album.
El mejor álbum del mundo, es lo mejor, MOTOMAMI es bueno como este, te enamoras de principio a fin, estos 2 álbumes salvaron el 2022, escuchen la pista 5 la mejor
After a long wait this album felt under-par for Kendrick. Nothing really stuck out to me other than the more sensitive songs but as songs they're unfortunately not that great. Massive Kendrick fan so really let down by this.
Trash, the same **** of TPAB kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Meh. Big Kendrick fan. I understood what he was rapping about and stuff, but wasn’t really feeling this album. I didn’t think it sounded very melodic.
This album sure is different from Kdot's previous albums. While the public opinion has been split about it, i personally really like it. The production is good and Kendrick's performance is amazing as always. The thing that stood out to me the most was the multiple appearances of Kodak Black on the album
Yall call this music? Dude isn't even rapping on beat
Kendrick decided to make an art piece, but didn’t realize this is what he was doing all along, by doing his craft of groovy hiphop, r&b, and funk. This is performance of art, not art, and is missing the musicality, energy, and cutting rhymes of past work. It probably feels like you’re sharing in the cleverness by squinting to see the genius here, but tell me if you’re still listening a month from now?
Why do I always seem to be going against the grain of public opinion?...I just don't understand y'all... You call Revival a flop, and then say this is a 10? Is it so hard to form your own opinion without following the hype?.... Don't get me wrong...No hate here. Kendrick will always have my respect. This album isn't trash ... Duh.... course it's not.. it's -Kendrick La-fukin-mar-.. but thats why I'm holding it to such a high standard... and in my opinion; this album doesn't live up to his potential... And by giving this a 10, you're definitely not going to drive him to push anything better out.. Good idea people
Shiiiiite. Can't understand a word. Sings too fast. Not a candle on classics like jada ding dong and give that wolf a banana.
Sourav Mahato is an Indian Entrepreneur. He was born on 20 Nov 2000 in Canning Town. He is the active ceo and founder of "Label By KR", a digital marketing company. The best way to keep up is to learn from and support each other as we continue pushing the boundaries of innovation in marketing.
Obviously, it's only been half a week but this album has lived up to my expectations considering it's been hyped up for a year. 10/10.
I don’t get all these shill critics giving this project a perfect score. I found myself constantly wanting to skip songs on this album. 8 stand out tracks and the rest were middle of the road or worse.
To borrow a line from Kendrick. This is doodoo. Nothing has any replay value. I get that it's introspective and and interesting narrative on the surface, like this would make good content for a long form interview with Kendrick, or a biopic, but c'mon man. **** just isn't very good. You can't tell me you want to play this album front to back on your way to work for the next month
Kendrick is uninteresting, fake deep, and preachy. The themes are shallow and more about generating attention than actually saying something profound. The music itself sounds bad and lacks real depth in its message. His shtick is all for promotion.
Mr. Fake Deep got exposed as the fraud he is. Vapid vapid vapid. I cannot wait for him to go back into hiding and not drop music again, hopefully ever.
My Own Opinion:I was always a Kdot Fan (and still am). I am following his music since Section-80.At the release of every Project so far, i could immediately tell its a Album from Kdot. This Album is different.his lyricism and deeper meaning in this Album is God-like as expected.The Soul-like / Blues type sounds are a charm to my ears.For someone living in Germany living a ordinary live without violence and racisim, Kendrick always opende my eyes to show me how it is to live in a "generation of pain, where murder is minor" :D .I think it is important that the world understands, that everybody has different lives and grow up in completely different environments with different fears and problems.Kendrick did that for me.This album is great.butI got one problem tho. I know that Lyricism was always the biggest Priority... but to mix in some "Banger" type songs in this Project would be the Cherry on the cake.In comparison to his previous projects, this project lacks this "im driving a Car and singing along with some great beats" (For example ELEMENT, Money Trees, ADHD ...) type vibe.In his older Projects he got those Banger type songs and still delivered great Story-telling and lyricism.I Feel like the moment when we all got the message and understand the deeper meaning behind his words, the project gets "Boring" to listen to. It lacks some replay valueThat is my Opinion...love you K dot
5 years for this???? Trash.I get that there’s deeper meaning in the lyrics and all that but it’s still music, it still has to sound good, it simply does not sound good. I’m never gonna put this on in the car or with my mates or by myself even, I can’t see a situation in which this album would be played. And to wait 5 years for it? Madness.
2010-2022 That's 12 years, 4 official albums in 12 years; his 10th will drop in 2040; IMO he is only a media darling and the only SOLID album he has ever put out to this day is his first Major, GKMC; this album should have been titledThe Metamorphosis of Butterfly of Section80: Mad Kid, Good City and how to Pimp DAMNationabout the overall quality of His albums every time he drops I can't help but think about this part from Jay's Takeover:Four albums in ten years? I could divideThat's one every, let's say two, two of them was dooOne was nah, the other was IllmaticThat's a one hot album every ten year averageAnd that's so (Lame)switch up your flow, your's is garbageWhat, you tryna kick knowledge?
People are just brainwashed if they think this is anywhere as close as his past albums, only 2 memorable songs, bad sound, and silent hill's chorus is horrendous.
kendrick lamar always makes **** albums, all of his albums are equaly **** this is another one of his works
I wasn't expecting something like that. When ''The Heart Part 5'' went out i thought some songs might be close to that. There were all type of songs and i like that album a lot. I would wait another 1855 days for that type of album.
He slurs through a weak attempt as compared to different albums this year. Very few hits compared to the negative aspects to be quite honest. One of my greatest artists of all time that could not quite save it this time. Kendrick Lamar will deliver better next time if he puts in the actual complex nature he did as always.
The third classic Kendrick album so far, together with tpab and gkmc. The poetry, storytelling arc, beats and production are tremendous. The heart PT 5, Father Time, saviour and Mr Morale are my personal favourites but there isn't a track that is less than excellent. He isn't just a studio act either - watch the Glastonbury set.
A living legend, Kendrick proves to be one of the most captivating storytellers music has ever seen, able to implement and blend so much different sound and subject matter into one album.
Amazing! Transcends hip hop! Everyone should give this amazing piece of art their time!
Mr. Morale and the Big Steppers is very different from the rest of Kendrick's discography in terms of its sound being far more soft and poetic than hip-hop, and that's not a bad thing in some respects. The album provides a very intimate, human, and powerful look at the inner thoughts of Kendrick's psyche and how his history shaped him today. However, unlike some of his other works, I don't find as many songs on this album to be as digestible and replay-worthy. Nevertheless, this is no doubt a powerful album from Kendrick and one far more soulful than his past works, for better and for worse.
So much worth in lyrics, legend that is going to be seen from this day to eternity in a way that all those other legends that never die.
Sonically speaking, this album sits right between Good Kid Maad City & To Pimp a Butterfly, with sprinkles of DAMN! On the more radio friendly cuts. Production is at best magical & at worst uninspired, Lyrically, Kenny is in TOP form...listen to it. A.O.T.Y contender for sure But definitely NOT Kendricks best work It has some filler A few skips but ultimately a Great body of work to cap off a legendary 5 album run
Will be known as of the decade's best, no doubt. Don't need to say anything else than this, guys, just listen to it.
This man keeps putting out classic albums, easy AOTY vibes. Feels like a lot like TPAB
Honestly I was expecting something different but god, oh my god, Kendrick you are the goat, beats, lyrics, I love every song.Atm my fav song is Die Hard
Been travelling on several planes and trains across Europe so have listened to this album in full 20 times at least. K. Dot just does something for me that a lot of others cannot.He is a master of actually creating an album instead of a collection of songs which is rare these days. Another master piece with a lot of risks taken.
Maybe something is just off with me, but I would say this is easily the most overrated album ever made. The Off-Season was definitely the best rap album in the last year or two, and while this was decent - this album has nothing on Kendrick's previous works.
**** which is lazy lyricism in 2022 we cry together is a perfect example of this) were are not in the early s no more. I often found that the various styles and production on this album often very distracting from the words. This album would have benefited from a more minimal production in my opinion. That being said there are some quality moments on this album it just doesn't hold together that well
Big steppin, biiiiiiiiiiiiig steppin, Best album, album of the year, album of the decade.
Com certeza um dos melhores álbuns nos últimos 5 anos, só perdendo pra ele mesmo em DAMN.
Daha önce de söylediğim gibi bu albüm, kendrick lamar’ın en kişisel albümü. Bu albüm herkese göre değil, herkesin beğeneceği bir albüm de değil. Daha çok kendrick’in terapi sessionında gibi hissediyorsunuz ve eckhart tolle’nin sesini sık sık duyuyorsunuz. Albümün diğer anlatıcısı ise kendrick’in karısı whitney alford. Onun dışında albümde sık sık tap dance seslerini duyuyorsunuz ve big steppers kısmı buradan yola çıkıyor. Prodüksiyonu ve konuk sanatçıların performanslarını çok beğendim, onlarla ilgili bir sıkıntım yok, kendrick’le ilgili şikayetlerime birazdan gelicem ama track-by-track incelememize başlayalım.Bu albüm, bazılarınızın beklentilerini karşılamamış olabilir, bazılarına göre hayal kırıklığı veya kötü de olabilir. Bunu anlarım, belki de 5 yılın beklentisi bu olmamalıydı. Ben kişisel olarak albümü çok sevdim, rotasyona alacağım bir çok şarkı var. Bu albümün genel kanısını ise zaman gösterecek. Ben yine de Kendrick’e teşekkür etmek istiyorum, kariyerinin en kişisel işini yaptı, en insancıl hallerini yine gösterdi. Bunu ne yazık ki herkes yapmıyor. Eksikleri ve hatalarını da görmezden gelemem elbette ama genele baktığımda yine kaydadeğer bir iş var elimizde.8.5-9/10
This is actually the first kendrick album that i am fully experiencing and i must say i am impressed. (listened to damn but very late)Lyrically this is on a whole other level than stuff that i am used to . Sonically it is also great but there are some tracks that i still need to get used to but also a bit underwhelming.The best tracks right now are- savior- worldwide steppers- united in grief- we cry together (lmao, bold attempt at a song but i rock with it)- die hardand much more but these are my top 5 right nowtracks that are the weakest but nowhere near bad:- crown(Lyrically good but i think the production is boring)- purple hearts- rich spiritsI might get used to them but in some way i kinda doubt it since i like the other tracks way more.Is it aoty? Lyrically and conceptually it is probably the best i heard this year but in terms of replayability i like denzel's album a bit more for now but this might change over time.
A masterpiece of an album and an incredible journey from start to finish. The wait was well worth it.
This is by far the most human Kendrick Lamar has ever been, He puts himself first brfore expectations, religion and critics and that helps him sees the struggles of others. Kendrick really shows here that it's not about you, Instead of you thinking because of your religion, tradition, culture or personal beliefs on whether you should accept people like Trans. Maybe just maybe it's not about you and that they shouldn't require your acceptance or approval to live their lives as people only get 1 shot on this earth. Why should they spend it no being themselves to make you happy? I am really grateful for this genius of a man. Called Lamar
Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers is melodic, versatile, intimate, classy and personal
It should not be underestimated of how lucky it is to experience a moment in time, when beautiful art like this graces the earth and is so fresh and new. 10.
We waited 5 years for this and Kendrick Lamar has delivered a profound statement thatwill take many listens to understand fully. The production goes hard and its really well done.I would hve to say this album is a 9 for me. Some tracks I wasn't feeling as much butfor the most part this album is consistently great. Theres a reason K Dot is one of the greats.
This man is simply put cut from a different cloth. Greatest Rapper of All Time
Beautiful production, flows and lyrics. It's very introspective and unique.
For a Kendrick album, this album is very mid. It's not a bad album, but it's more of a movie you'll never watch again. The replay value is very limited. Each of K-Dot's albums have told a great story and kept to a overarching theme within that story. This one, though, tries a bit too hard to talk about way too many elements and make them cohesive. Rap wise, it's top-notch Kendrick, but it's easily his worst, which is still better than most out there. It's very introspective and within that, we get more of the insecurities that drive Kendrick, but within all of that, the energy is very somber and each song seem detached from one another.Hopefully he keeps going and has a good follow-up to it after leaving TDE, but it's nowhere near the classic his studio albums have been before it.
Overall this album provides a good mixture of mainstream and experimental sounds, almost feeling like a hybrid of Damn and GKMC/TPAB. The production is extremely good and the performances are *mostly* quite impressive. However I have a big problem with this album involving the longevity of it. The songs are good at first glance but I have already grown tired of a few of them. There is not a lot of variety on quite a few of the tracks and as a result, listening to a song once feels like you've listened to it five times. Only time will tell if this is a truly good album, but regardless, it is still likely to be one of the best albums to come out this year.
Great Album. Good for Kendrick fans and new fans. Favorite songs are United in Grief. N95.Die Hard. Savior. and Mr Morale. I cant stop listening to it So happy it did not disappoint.
Originally reviewed:13/05/22Original score: 8.9Mr. Morales and the big steppers:8.9/10Kung Fu Kenny is back! His near messianic return one of the most anticipated releases of this year and given this double albums achievements it's for good reason. KDot is a great observer, this is what empowers his craft so much as he is able to capture and relay details so specific and loaded with meaning they either make you uncomfortable or overwhelmed! He journeys eloquently into his past from his actions to his experiences.I can already see how divisive this record will be . Firstly it subverted the rumored expectations of a 70's heavy record with perhaps the same density as "To Pimp A Butterfly " but instead those are subverted. The record shares it's genes with the commercial career peak "Damn"given that it's more accessible and direct. His flows choose a more understated cadence which might leave those starving for Lamars rougher deliveries unsatisfied. It also is ,at least so far ,his least proficient and challenging recording. Baby Keem and Kodac Black might also leave confusing verses but it seems like features that deserve time to fully set and Keem's involvement only makes sense given this record focus on family ties.But why it doesn't make me question my reception of this is that it's still Kendrick at the top of his game, still observing just from the perspective of a throne. It's one of the first records by a male rapper I've heard excavating the black dissonance in our community where black masculinity seems to be in crisis. Going from points of aspiring for whiteness through the hatred of black women to expressing hate on communities that they treat the way whiteness treated them. In what's soon to be the most talked about song off this record "Aunt Diaries " is Kendrick telling of his experience with an aunt who came out as trans and eventually pushed him to reevaluate his own relationship with God/Christianity. What makes it controversial is his use of the F slur, which creates a question of consciousness where you debate if what he's saying matters more than how he said it. As a gay guy I found that risky choice to be necessary as when the verse continues he ends up saying "f-bomb" to illustrate the word was utilized to awake the cis black community to the hypocrisy of their religious based homophobia. I hope the song isn't completely written off as it stands as an unprecedented moment in music where an acclaimed successful rapper broaches homophobia with empathy.This is the most real Kendrick lamar has ever been in terms of his personal life(which he keeps private). Laying bare his infidelity, trauma with familial sex abuse and misogynoir. It can be crippling at times with it's seriousness but Kendrick flow keeps you involved without being suffocated.This is seemingly Kendrick Yeezus in spirit alone . And I'm so excited to see how it stands months from now .Favorites:Unititled in grief,we cry together, aunt diaries ,mother|soberRescore:7.7/10After furher inspection MM&TBS is an undercooked would be masterpiece ftom one of raps greats. Uncharacteristically demure in execution this record is a cloying misstep that oversells itself. It attempts to deconstruct his own canonization but his method of seeking to repell through raw ugliness feels without the expected perspective he's been adept at giving. Such as the random crackers line or the compulsion to have a convicted offender as a hige feature. KDot seems out of touch as jf he doesn't believe what he preaches on 'savior ". Nonetheless they are some of his most stunning songs such as the dense turmoil of "mother I sober" ,the wounded wisdom of "father time" or the opening self reflection of "united in grief" . Moments like those feel like disjointed pieces of a scrapped masterpiece, they feel noticeably better than a majority of the records music.
Ok……………,,,,,……………………………….::::::::…………………………………………………::::::::…….:.:::::::
This album is such a impressive and complex creation that it's really hard to say something constructive about it. It's simply different, it seems to be to eccentric for a mainstream artist which only works in it's favour and helps with creating an instant classic. Kendrick proved once again that he is the GOAT
I'm not a fan of rap music at all, but this is definitely one of the better ones I've heard. Even though they sell like the songs sounds different, they all sound EXACTLY The same. But the lyrics aren't bad.
A beautifully crafted masterpiece that touches on social issues that are considered taboo in the black community.
Though a few inconsistent, self-indulgent and blatantly commercial spots crop up throughout "Mr. Morale and the Big Steppers," they're never anywhere near enough to meaningfully derail Kendrick's masterfully realized vision, with both the ambitiously exquisite production and the rapper's lyricism that's brutally frank yet tender in cutting to the heart of generational/racial/LGBTQ+ bias, fatherhood, the pressures of fame and more with scalpel precision deftly reaffirming him as the voice of a generation.Choice Cuts: "United in Grief," "Worldwide Steppers," "Purple Hearts (feat. Summer Walker and Ghostface Killah)," "Count Me Out," "Auntie Diaries," "Mother I Sober (feat. Beth Gibbons)"
Amazing! Mr Lamar did it again, what a honest well composed album! On repeat!
This album is sublime, the wait is over and the great Kendrick Lamar returns with a powerful album and a very precise concept. The lyrics, the production are perfect and innovative. This is the big comeback of my favorite rapper...
If you think this album ain't great, work on yourself. Because this doesn't sound the way you expected doesn't make it less of a classic.
A deep album about generational trauma, domestic abuse, and several other social factors considered taboo in the black community. Definitely worth listening to (especially more than once).
One of the most thoughtful and self reflective albums I’ve ever heard. Among Kendrick’s best.
Even though some songs were getting boring at time, the lyrics are very powerful, I can surely tell that "Father Time" was my favourite out of all, great delivery of Kendrick's thoughts, 9/10 in total.
Sounds like a perfect/no skips album to me. Totally worth the wait, lyrics and instrumentals are just magical
Well worth the wait. A one of a kind talent showcasing why he is the absolute greatest rapper on the planet right now. His storytelling elevates the art form itself, and this might be my third favorite Kendrick album, he is truly a gift to art and music.
Another Masterpiece for Oklama, Less accessible than DAMN. But great album too !
amazing album, different from most of what we get today in the rap game. people complain that it doesn’t have any “bangers” as if every album needs to be mainstream.
Simplemente hermoso, comprendo que no a todos les parezca el mejor álbum o nisiquiera un buen álbum pero el mensaje, la producción, la escritura, todo está en otro nivel, con cada vez que lo oigo se vuelve aún mejor.
kendrick doesnt miss . . .
Artism in its true form,these are the rest of the letters it takes 75 for me to be allowed to post this cuz metacritic rules
best **** ever i loved with all my soul pls god when i die open the heaven with this song
Nobody can do what Kendrick did. Again. This man is not able to bring out a bad album.
definitely we underrated baby keem’s style and hope this album let everybody know how influential baby keem is
A magnificent display of versatility of Kung Fu Kenny , Becoming Kung Fu Hip Hop master and in which we as the listeners get to give the artist their "Flowers" or respect for a job well done beforehand , A display of the true state of the art .
silencio todos, Kendrick ya está sonando. silencio todos, Kendrick ya está sonando. silencio todos, Kendrick ya está sonando.
what a come back for my own personal reasons. i was NOT a fan of his DAMN project. brought back that classic K. Dot sound but also catering to the newer hip hop audience. first things first that "we cry together" track was the realest **** i ever heard as a song. silent hill, count me out, father time, die hard and united in grief are my top tracks. a couple misses here and there but hey this album still bangs.
Tracklist is really solid, album helps to humanize Kendrick in a way never quite seen before. Tackled many touchy/deep subjects in an astounding fashion. As close to perfect as an album can get.
Worth the wait, such a complex artist with universal ideas and a pure heart. Genius piece of work from the best artist of his generation.
Kendrick Lamar returns with another triumphant victory with Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers. The themes on this album are incredibly deep and a emotional story is told. The long wait was worth it.
Kendrick Lamar returns after 5 years of absence... and he returns with a bang. This album comes through with a multiverse of Kendrick's rapping ability -- with hints of his 2017 album "DAMN." coming through on songs like "N95" and hints of his theatrical album "To Pimp A Butterfly" on songs like "We Cry Together".Some people may say: "What's more important? Production or lyrics?" and Kendrick's response to that would most likely be "both of them!" Kendrick on this album comes through with both incredible production, with my favorite production moments on songs like "Mirror" and "N95", and incredible lyrical moments that'll make your jaw drop on songs like "Auntie Diaries" and "We Cry Together".Although there are some songs that left me like "meh" on Disc 1, this album is essentially amazing all around. It's simple, but it's also complex... how is that even possible? Oh yeah, it's Kendrick **** Lamar. That's how.
A thoughtful and catchy album full of emotion. Kendrick hits it out of the park again with this musical masterpiece.
Amazing album one of the best i heard in years, the album makes u laugh,cry, dance and think while still maintaining a fresh sound. I heard every sub genre of hip hop in yhis album
This album plays like a Theatrical play. Deep and Dense. I put it behind TPAB, Section 80 and GKMC.
Para mim, esse é o melhor álbum de 2022 pra mim até o momento, é bastante profundo, cheio de reflexões sobre o mundo pós-quarentena e sobre a vida de Kendrick, mostrando que ele não é o salvador de ninguém ou uma espécie de "Deus" como as pessoas o vêem, muitas faixas me emocionaram bastante como "Crown" e "Mirror". Além de sere um álbum que não tem músicas necessariamente ruins. Mas tem músicas bem fracas como "We Cry Together" que apenas é uma briga de casal, sendo a faixa menos boa do álbum, "Silent Hill" é genérica, porém divertida de se escutar , "Rich Spirit" para mim é muito superestimada.Um ponto chave do álbum é a exploração de coisas novas que o tornam único como o desapontamento de Kendrick sobre as pessoas acharem que ele tem sempre de se posicionar e também sobre a LGBTfobia citada nas faixas "Worldwide Steppers" e principalmente em "Auntie Diaries" que retrata especialmente da transfobia, que é algo extremamente arriscado para um rapper falar sobre isso, devido a cultura homofóbica do hip-hop.Mr. Morale é um álbum excelente e entrega o que pretende, é um álbum onde cada pessoa que o escuta, interpreta de forma diferente. Nota: 9.5/10Faixas que eu recomendo: N95, Mr. Morale, Auntie Diaries, Crown, Mirror, The Heart Part 5, Count Me Out.
Amazing good grate greatest album of all time Ok Amazing good grate greatest album of all time gif and repair work on my
A project that requires replays to dissect and appreciate genuinely. However, Kendrick delivers his most personal and introspective album yet. This album is about his own faults and holding up a mirror to society. Kendrick steps off the saviour pedestal that we as fans have put him on to show he is human with flaws like everyone else. The instrumentals are unlike previous albums yet the MMBS is mixed phenomenally.
this is incredible, I have no words to describe everything that he transmitted to me, what a magnificent album, all my respects to Kendrick, thank you for blessing us with this masterpiece of rap
Kendrick delivers once again with an amazing album that rivals his best work.
Simply a master piece, the wait has a reason, kendrick did it, an beautiful painting as a music album
RATING: 81%While not his most consistent, Kendrick Lamar returns with a catchy album with some intelligent lyrics and well-produced beats.
An album with layers and layers of meaning. This is a seminal album for Hip Hop as a whole, touching on subjects taboo to the culture and the world at large.
The fifth studio album by the north american rapper has some really high and interesting moments, but Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers in some occasions - Rich Spirit and Silent Hill - feels like a step down from Kendrick's previous works, both lyrically and production wise. This two songs realy sound like something you'll get from a Lil (Something), and not from one of the best rappers and lyricists of the 21st century. Also, this and a couple more songs don't seem to be aligned with the narrative presented with the dual album, making this choice also questionable. Overall, Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers is a really good album if thought of as a single piece and not two different albums.
Mr. Morale and The Big Steppers is an amazing album that takes a while to get in it’s groove, but when it does, it’s absolutely glorious.
F**k, this is just perfect, it make me feels like i have either daddy issues, wtf, this man is unbelievable
Mais um clássico para sua discografia. Kendrick prova a cada trabalho que merece sim um lugar de respeito no Olimpo do Hip-Hop e de toda Blackmusic. Um trabalho consistente e uma discografia invejável, esse ultimo projeto mostra toda sua experiência artística adquirida com o tempo e como utilizar suas influências da forma mais correta e saudável possível.
This album had me confused at first (honestly, it still does) but the more I listen, the more I love it.
Not kendricks best work but extremely daring and different. Had a rough time with it first listen but I let it sit for a bit and revisited the project with a 2nd listen overall kennys 3rd best project
The heavier theme and minimal sound composition made Kendrick Lamar even better.
An absolutely beautiful album, with high energy and extremely emotional tracks. The album resembles JAY-Z's 4:44, which touched on infidelity and healing. Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers sets its own sound early on, with United In Grief revealing some of the album's subject matters. Kendrick dives into sensitive subjects and speaks on some events and cultural shifts of the past 5 years. The grueling lyrics and sound of Mother I Sober featuring Beth Gibbons made me shed a tear, which is quite rare when listening to music for me.Kendrick delivered once again. I hope this album grows for those, who did not vibe with it at first. For me it was a great experience on the first listen, and grew better on every listen.
Album of the year so far. It's hard to judge Kendrick so soon, but so far I'm loving this album. I'm a Weeknd fan, and prefer this overall to Dawn FM, which I think is a great album.Production is thoughtful and masterful. You can hear in Baby Keem influence even in songs where he is not on vocals.
Look yall... Its a 10 and it will be a 10 in 10 years... Full review to follow
Easily Kendrick's most introspective and intimate album. Modern production with hints of older sounds too. Very animated vocals. Some songs are easily in his top 50 and others just feel like they don't belong. Overall it's an incredible record. Big tracks that stuck out to me were N95, Die Hard, Father Time, Purple Hearts, Silent Hill (especially this one), Auntie Diaries, Mother I Sober, and Mirror. Better than DAMN imho, but still not quite as good as tpab and gkmc. Close for sure though.
After 5 full listens of this album I can say with confidence this thing is so nearly 10. The subject matter that Kendrick is talking about is so close to him and who he is. This is Kendrick at his most vulnerable. The expectations he faces from "To Pimp a Butterfly" and "good kid m.A.A.d city" to a sorta underwhelming in comparison "DAMN" have built immense stress in his life and have highlighted deep rooted problems in himself which he has noticed and seen in others surrounding himself such as other rappers and family members. This album is Kendrick lyrically breaking himself down in order to build a better future for him and his family. My only real issue with this album is that the track "Auntie Diaries" just feels a bit out of place here. The track itself has a great message behind it, but I feel in the overall theme of the album its just kind of out of place here. That is really the only issue I have with the album, the production is very good and different from anything else Kendrick has done, Kendrick's lyrics are outstanding as always and overall the album has a lot to say and a lot to reflect on from Kendrick.
Amazing messages delivered with great flows and lyrics. Production is top tier. My expectation were very high. this wasn't what i expected, but i'm in no way disappointed. 9.6/10
This is not an album that's kind to first listens.  There's a good chance the strange, skeletal beats and off-kilter flows on tracks like United in Grief and Worldwide Steppers will throw you off.  There's a good chance that it won't be until We Cry Together at Track #8 when the song quickly commands you to stop tap dancing around the conversation - or maybe even not until Track #10 Count Me out begins with saying there's a "breakthrough" - that the earlier tracks begin to click and make sense.  Only then is it revealed that this album is a comprenshensive therapy session for Kendrick, one where he's going over all of his flaws in painstaking detail, from his celebrity (Rich Spirit), to toxic relationships (We Cry Together), all the way to childhood trauma (Mother I Sober).  For those willing to trudge along to this point and truly dive in, you will be rewarded with an ambitious, albeit imperfect gem full of absolute classics, much like its creator.  All of the flaws with this project reside in the first disk*.  I say that with a heavy asterisk because this disk is chalk full of amazing highlights.  Most people's first true love hete will probably be with Father Time, which is a straightforward, stunning bar-filled banger on toxic masculine fathers.  The explosive acting and emotion paired with an amazing beat by the Alchemist make We Cry Together an absolute spoken word classic in the vain of classic Eminem tracks.  And again, understanding the concept of the album later on makes earlier complex tracks like United in Grief rewarding to come back to, as they're filled with so much deep, lyrical meat to sink your teeth into with the context in tow.  Even with the context though, some of the tracks here flat out do not live up to the quality of the rest album around them.  Mainly the low-key melodic Die Hard and Rich Spirit are okay, inoffensive tracks but sound dull in comparison to rest of the album, even on repeated listens for me. Once you get past the first disk though I challenge anyone to find any more faults here.  The 2nd disk is where Kendrick lays his soul to bear and truly exorcises some demons and, no exaggeration, it's some of the best music you will ever hear in your life, period.  From challenging the concept of idols and his own savior complex on the aptly named Savior, to his ever evolving relationship with Trans members of his family, to literally killing off the "generational curse" of a deep-seeded childhood trauma, the 2nd half is a mind-blowing masterpiece front-to-back filled with stunning moment after stunning moment.  This album would potentially uproot TPAB if it was just this 2nd disk alone. As it stands, despite a couple shortcomings in the first half, this is one of the most powerful artistic expressions on personal mental healing I've ever heard.  It's definitely a heavy favorite for album of the year and this easily takes 2nd place for me in Kendrick's discography behind TPAB.
This album gets better each time I listen through it. One of the most introspective pieces of music I’ve ever listened to.
the best album of the year just by listening to the first second you are amazed
Firfire fire fire fire fire fire fire this is all that I got to say FIREEEE
After about 6 listens, this effort from Kendrick Lamar. Definitely feels like personal therapy session in album form. He’s exercising his demons and speaking on personal matters such as homophobia, transphobia, and his vices that have effected his family life and his relationships. This is a very different Kendrick than the one I grew up with and that’s fine. It’s not his best work and it’s not his worse. It’s simply a decent Kendrick Lamar album in my mind. Maybe it’ll grow on me after a couple more listens but atm I’m not mad at this project but I definitely understand that some of these songs will shock and anger some.
An incredible album with even better lyricism, kendrick gets even more personal then he ever has before.best song: father timeworst song: we cry together
Perfect album I love everything about it was worth the wait and I suggest listening to it more than 1 time to catch everything, the beat, the lyrics everything is phenomenal.
I truly haven't heard something so truly honest and touching since 808s & Heartbreak. Listened through the whole thing and was pulling myself from crying listening to this. Truly an amazing experience. Although Kodak Black's appearences left me a little confused lol.My favorite songs are United In Grief, N95, Father Time, Rich Spirit, We Cry Together, Purple Hearts, Count Me Out, Crown, Savior, Auntie Diaries and Mother I Sober.
Another masterpiece by Pulitzer prize winner, Kendrick Lamar, Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers, Kendrick lets us in on the trials and tribulations of his stardom and his human struggles within and leaves us with what’s sure to be remembered as Kendrick's most personal albums.
Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers is by far Kendrick's most personal album, and his most unique album so far. This album has some amazing songs, and I love the concept of this album.But there are a few problems with this album, many actually.This album has a lot of skips and misses, a little too many if you ask me.This doesn't have any TDE Features even though it's his last TDE Album.The features on this album were kinda boring. I liked Baby Keem and some other features, but most of the features were just mediocre. I did appreciate Kendrick Lamar trying something new, and on some songs he delivered perfectly, but most of the songs didn't work out on being unique. Some of the songs are also way too long, and I love long Kendrick Lamar songs, but the length of some of these songs are just unnecessary.And I do love the double disc album idea but there were just way too many misses. But at the same time you do need to give some of these songs time.Highlights of this album are: United In Grief, Mother I Sober, Worldwide Steppers, Father Time,We Cry Together and Saviour - Interlude.
Looks like Kendrick has won over the liberal media bias, because this album isn't a 100. As a matter of fact, it's possibly his worst album. There are good songs on this album, but it's few and far between. It doesn't matter how strong your "message" is if the music is lacking. After all, this is supposed to be music right? Not an audiobook.
Kendrick is good at painting pictures. In this case, he paints a Picasso. It's a twisted, emotional, dark, confusing and emotional ride through just a minor glimpse of Kendrick's real life & what goes on in his head. It shows the transition of someone who is unfortunately ignorant from his upbringing but correctly portrays the image of a man who learned from his life experiences and grew to became what he would consider to be a modern savior. This album gets 10 out of 10 from me!
Nice music to my ears, the other great rappers should be proud of this album
Great album, flawless production, and great songwriting. There are only two things from this album that really could have been better even though in the context of kendrick, are still OK nonetheless.1. The track listing and the order. The order of the album while good towards the end. Sounds a bit discomforted in the first half.2. This album sees kendrick reinventing his sound yet again with a more classical/experimental hip-hop twist and it comes off as mostly great and new and like a breath of fresh air. The negative side of this is that, I don’t feel as though we got all of Kendrick’s emotions. Like on TPAB or DAMN. There were many vocal changes and tone differences whilst on this one, it seemed to not be as diverse emotionally. Apart from this, Mr Morale and the Big Steppers is one to remember, pretty comfortably album of the year and it lays a groundwork for future PG Lang artists
Very experimental album from K.Dot in my opinion.We have many classical music vibes,many piano sequences.Is it a masterpiece?I can't tell,time will say.But it is really interesting album and new kind of rap vibe from Kendrick.I wish it is just a begining of Kendrick's return on stage.Oh!and kodak black? He's not that bad as many could think;)
King Kendrick is back after 5 years with a new album, but is it a return to form? For me not exactly. I had very high hopes for this album, I think most people of the general public had the same thoughts. So when I listened the entire album in the morning from front to back in one sitting, it felt a little bit less grandiose than previous albums. Don't get me wrong, the album is still an amazing body of work. Kendrick raps beautiful poetry about his life and his family, with the kind of lyrics he's been known for for years. The feature list is kind of small and some of which you can call "underground talent", but then again this proves to the general public that Kendrick doesn't need mainstream talent to make a great body of work. For me, all songs (except We Cry Together) are above a 6 in either production and songwriting or both, with my favorites being Mirror, Savior, Mother I Sober, Die Hard, and Silent Hill. So in conclusion, Mr. Morale and The Big Steppers stands on its own as a beautiful testimony about Kendrick's personal life, but compared to classics like Good Kid, M.A.A.D City or To Pimp a Butterfly, Mr. Morale lacks that more burst of energy. 8/10
Álbum impactante, e sem defeito, álbum do ano . Perfeito, sem palavras , nota 10
its so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so goodits so good
GOAT, toda la esencia de kendrick renovada.No es repetitivo y liricamente esta a otro nivek como siempre
A profound album worked with the heart, It's like been on a theater play...
If I'm being honest, the first listen was not what I was expecting and it felt like this album was going to be a flop!!! but after listening to it the third time production level is unmatched. This album feels very very personal and I can genuinely say that this is Kendricks's most mature & vulnerable project to this day.
‘Mr Morale & The Big Steppers’ - Great addition to Kendricks discography. An amazing raw sound and he once again proves why he’s one of the best to ever do it.
the wait was long but the work was rewarding. Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers is an instant classic!
His most introspective work. Different in so many ways than the previous works but still great in its own right. Took me 3-4 listens to fully grasps and enjoy what I was hearing
This album is genius. It's not what I expected which keeps it fresh and gives it replay value. It's such a well crafted and heavy album executed at the highest standard. oklama gets a 9 from me. We need this in modern rap.
This is a wonderful album from Kendrick. My first listen I wasn’t completely sold because it’s so different from anything I’ve heard before. The production is absolutely magical and so instrumental. Kendrick uses this album to process things he’s holding on to, it’s basically a therapy session where we get insight into Kendrick’s experience and mind over the past 5 years. He also begins to lose his perspective of himself as a savior or a prophet and realize that he’s just a man trying to do his best for himself and his loved ones. He closes out the album repeating “I choose me, I’m sorry.” No need to apologize Kendrick, we’ll always sing about you.
It took me halfway through my second listen to realize how smart these albums are. They're both beautify mixed and written, and show a willingness from Kendrick to open up completely. I'm so happy with the direction he decided to take this, these are easily my favorites projects from him, right up there with TPAB.
His most personal and profound album yet. When he could dropped an album solidifying his supremacy in the rap game, he chose to deconstruct his revered persona and find healing in front of the whole world.
Amazing album. A 9/10 easily with the passing of time it's a 10/10 for sure
a produção experimentalista + o lirismo incrível que já de tornou comum de se associar a kendrick só mostrar como este é um projeto especial
Kendrick did it again. He created an absolute masterpiece for us to listen to. This album encapsulates the perfect amount of everything. The struggles, the hardships, the grief, and the overcoming of all of it by the last track with many mentions of it throughout all tracks. The double album is astonishingly well put together and made. His production and lyrics are incredibly well made. Not the best we’ve seen, but definitely still great. On first listen, many of the sounds can be awkward and very distant. But, after you listen more and more, it becomes something inexplainable. They are masterfully crafted and genius. This isn’t the best album Kendrick has in his discography, but it is definitely another amazing album made by the GOAT.
A pesar de las barreras lingüísticas, he podido comprender el mensaje que deja en cada una de sus canciones, y debo decir, que es profundo, crudo y liberador. Su lírica y story-telling siempre está a otro nivel. También, debo decir que a nivel de producción es el mejor álbum en ese sentido, nunca deja de innovar y hacer algo diferente.
I think it will take me a while to process this so I guess this is more my initial gut instinct response, but I think this is a remarkable achievement. I think the production is at least as complex and captivating as TPAB , which I did not think.id be saying when comparing to an album which had some free flowing jazz sections! His ability to ride each beat, or even each 4 bar section perfectly, matching transitions perfectly and just the technical ability in his rapping takes your breath away, before you can even contemplate the message behind it .I'm still trying to tease out all of the themes running through the project, but one of the things which stood out was the range of his viewpoints. I thought in TPAB he took a more macro view of the world, discussing the black struggle in a grand magnum opus. DAMN seemed to turn inward, each track representing a different shade of his and explored to death. This seamlessly seems to flit between sticky intimacy and then transition to oblique commentary on psychological shackles. I'm really impressed but I'll of course continue to absorb it over the next few weeks to make sure it's lustre holds once novelty is gone. But I'd be surprised, I think Kendrick has already proven that he isn't worrying about what will sell or what people will like. He's making his vision, and I don't think there's any argument against him being in the very upper echelon of people making music today as a whole. I'll defer to Pusha's phraseology, but Kendrick really is only chasing two ghosts.
We are witnessing Kendrick’s attainment of catharsis in the package of a phenomenally produced, sonically diverse, and deeply thought provoking hour and fourteen minute soul bearing proclamation.
Better poetry than music, Kendrick's new album focuses heavily on lyricism, but without the strong melodies of his prior albums.
Such a good addition to his discography. Very personal and emotional; one of his best.
Astonishing, challenging, vulnerable and lyrical. Kendrick never fails to keep me on the edge of my seat.
Disfrutable, letras crudas, a ratos lenta, y puede quitarte de onda, pero la segunda parte es digna de ser llamada el AOTY.
Kendrick Lamar is starting to feel like an even deeper version of Bob Dylan, Joni Mitchell and Leonard Cohen all put together as a songwriter. I would say there are less catchy commercial hits and I dont mind it at all. The album flow is amazing and it gets better with each playthrough as I am able to notice more and more of the lyrical intricacies. Easy 10
Simply a master piece, the wait has a reason, kendrick did it, an beautiful painting as a music album
With a title like Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers I didn't know what to expect but on my second listen I was overwhelmed by the honesty and humility that forms the backbone of this record. It's imperfect, not in execution, but in the way Lamar openly conveys his sift side. Classic.
Sonically there is simply no other album like this - it is a rap record but it is not hip hop. While there are certain tracks which have some trap, jazz, r&b or even classical influence, the sound of this album is uniquely Kendrick. Lyrically this album is also some of Kendrick's best work. Stand-out tracks for me were Auntie Diaries (with some of the most beautiful lyrics I've ever heard) and We Cry Together (an insanely creative, engaging and memorable track).
There are a lot of words I can use to describe how this album hit me personally and how it is portrayed from Kendrick’s view, but let me tell you that the depth, emotion and sound portrayed in this album is just flawless. I love every aspect of this album and every song in it tells an individual story that goes beyond music. I can pull each song out of this album and say that the individuality of each outdoes the others in some way or form. This album I can’t even say is just music…it’s a pure work of art.
A very personal album from Kendrick. Introspective, lyrically great ,fantastic beats. Fans waited 5 years for this album and i don't think the majority is disappointed. I believe that Mr. Morale and The Big Steppers will age beautifully and is a Contender for AOTY.
His best work behind TBAP. Kendrick re-invents himself again, producing a deep and moving record.
I really love the deepness in this album. I expected something completely else but love this beautiful piece of art displaying his insights.
Such an amazinggggg album. The content, the engineering, everything. Enjoyed every moment. Mother I Sober is one of the greatest songs I’ve ever heard. I’d be surprised if this album doesn’t win every Grammy it possibly can. Kendrick the KING. Long live
Everything from the album art cover to the hype I rate it a 10 out of 10. Music and the way everything connects and ties in to the theme of the album is 10 out of 10. This was kendricks therapy album and it shows how mature and talented he still is after 5 years enjoyed everything about this album nothing negative.
it's something beyond any rapper has done in the last 20 years it"s chaotic, reflective, sensible and visceral all at the same time Kendrick is one if not THE artist of our generation
Lenda manoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo te amo kdot fdpppppppppppppppppppppppp
A great álbum, a masterpiece.Kendrick is a Genius, and always make great music.
Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.Genius. Genius.
Como siempre Kendrick no decepcionando, gracias Kendrick por esta bella obra.
The lyrical prowess and outstanding production as well as Kendrick’s tragic storytelling make this one of the best albums I have hear.
The best album I've ever heardThe best album I've ever heardThe best album I've ever heard
masterpiece. worth the wait. beautiful album about heavy and personal topics
A majestic piece of art. From top to bottom. The quality of the lyrics, the production behind every single song, the way everything is expressed, cohesive, sensitive, hard, even funny. Absolutely amazing.
Kendrick's 5th and last album with top dawg is a masterpiece. This album got variety and truly catches the feelings he has surrounding his fatherhood, relationships with family and friends but also social injustice. Songs like "We cry togheter" might not be a hit, but its a perfect image of how fights between loved ones look like while also sounding good.The albums versatility is unlike many other rappers, making the album entertaining with his switch of genres while also keeping the main focus and the choice of features are also very different from anyone else.Top Dawg did their thing with producing this album. Really helping Kendrick deliver his message, for what it means to be Kendrick Lamar, a artist, a husband, father, a idol for many and also a human.
This is after 4 listens. The production on this album seemed original and fantastic. Along with the content, lyrics, and messaging make this a 10/10. Only weak things about the album IMO are that his vocals and singing sounded off to me
nwnwjwjwjwkidudhqhwhwjisidiwjqjnwnsnsnhwhwhwhwuwuuwususuuwuwuwuwueuuwueuhdhshwjjwjwjwjwjwjjwjejejjejej
I feel like this album is the perfect follow up to the story line that kendrick built along the years, the album has no skips and maybe a single filler “Die Hard”, except that the album is perfect and i love it
All the songs r very good, they have the same feeling but that does not make them identical, they are completely different songs but very good in all aspects
The best album Kendrick Lamar has released to date and my favourite album of all time. Every song is a joy to listen to, and songs like Auntie Diaries, Mother I Sober and Mirror brought me to tears and addressed serious issues. Amazing bangers such as N95, Die Hard, and Silent Hill. Every song I haven't already listed is a jammer as well. Will be credited as the most important album of the decade.
Musically, this may not be the project I'd listen to just to vibe as opposed to let's say GKMC or DAMN, but that's why it's my favourite of Kendrick's albums so far. GKMC sounds good, but I can't connect to it on a personal level because I didn't go through all that in my childhood. TPAB is the same. beautiful storytelling and deep insight but, I don't connect with it personally because I don't live in America. DAMN was the same. but with MMBS, songs like Father Time, We Cry Together, Saviour, Mother I Sober, Mirror, etc all hit home on a personal level, because I've been there. this album may not be everyone's favourite Kendrick album, but it is for me because, for the first time, I feel like he made an album for me; I get what he's saying and I feel what he's feeling. An absolute masterpiece
After 5 long years we get this masterpiece of music, a beautiful mix of what music is and what it needs to be
apenas kendrick lamar fazendo as coisas como tem que ser feitas, tudo perfeito.
Amazing experience. No dull moments or bars wasted on this project. This album further cemented Kendrick’s place as one of the greatest artists of all time.
In **** credible. One if the best albums ive ever heard. So much layers in the production and in lyrics content. Artist of the generation
Wow.. Many unexpected Songs, theres so much hidden in the lyrics and this album is so personal. You going trought every Emotion. Great Production and writing.
Greatest hip-hop record of the past couple of years. There’s nothing more to say.
We’ve seen Kendrick go from a scared boy in Compton in GKMC to becoming a type of prophet in TBAP to the culmination of a cultural savior figure with DAMN. It seems now though he is talking to himself as much as anyone when he says “I am not your Savior.”
Might possibly be Kendrick’s best work of art. Just when you think he can’t possibly outdo himself what does he do? He creates his most artistic and complex piece of work. Simply amazing
I love this album jsjsjsjsksksksksjsjdjdksjsjdjdkksksjsksjsjdjdjdjdhdjdjdjdjdjdjdjdjdjdj
Absolutely fantastic album. Approaching remarkably dense topics such as his relationships with his trans aunt and cousin, toxic masculinity, infidelity various other topics- kendrick lays it all on the line on an album that sonically ages like fine wine. This will certainly go down as one of his best albums and one of his most important
Kendrick really mellowed out and this album shows himself changing as he grows up. It’s one of the few albums where I love every single song.
Its a perfect album, very diverse, great story telling, sticks to a general theme, sonically beautiful. I have listened to it 13 times before writing a review.Mother I Sober is a wonderful addition to his discography with the storytelling beauty of Duckworth and Sing About Me, I'm Dying of Thirst
I had high expectations going into this album, but I was absolutely blown away upon first listen. I’ve never heard anything so raw and authentic, yet at the same time polished and precise. As a music nerd, the production is the best I’ve heard on a rap album (or at least tied with TPAB). Kendrick’s singing is much better than it has ever been, and his rapping is as good, if not better. The album feels like a play and gets better with every listen.
Amazing artwork by Kendrick as usual. After 5 years of absence, Kendrick presented us with a mural of his mind like no other could. From production to lyrics to the themes of each track, be prepared for a beautifully raw therapy session!
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031323334353637383940414243444546474849450jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjdaddy kenny UwU
The 5 years that Kendrick disappeared definitely didn’t disappoint, a production and lyrical masterpiece as many protects from this artist, Kendrick is the most important rapper of our generation and this album shows us why.
Amazing nomsayn, beautiful subject that had to be talked about, this album is therapy for all of us and for kendrick himself.
The more I listen, the more I can appreciate the complexity. Definitely gonna be in heavy rotation constantly. So glad I live in a word with Kendrick.
Fake wokes complaining about Kendrick using homophobic slurs. I don't even know if they listen to the full song or not. Like Tyler said "some people find everything offensive"
Doo[oooooooooooooo[pppppopooooooopppppp]opopooooooo all well dk dl dl dl dl so el dk am am dk dl dk dk dj
Amazing storytelling, more than music, it's art. Kendrick has delivered another amazing piece of work that will transcend time.
Such a great album I would say that this album is better than damn and would rank third in his discography
Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers is a unique and defining album for the 2020 decade. With countless references to the ongoing collective struggle is society is facing; this album shows Kendrick turning inward and speaking his mind about his personal struggles and battles he faces due to past trauma he’s experienced. As someone who has dealt with childhood trauma and battled experienced grief, this album hits home for me. It’s heavy and at times extremely dark and uncomfortable to listen to, but I would argue that good art should make us uncomfortable and should change our perspective on life. This album did that for me in a way his previous albums have not, and because of that, I give it a perfect rating.
o kendrick lamar simplesmente lançou o álbum do ano, falando sobre suas inseguranças e medos, mr morale & the big steppers precisa de muito tempo pra ser digerido e entendido toda a mensagem que ele quer passar. quem criticou algo nisso realmente não escutou. deus abençoe todos nós. tempos melhores virão.
Well written and delivered. He keeps you on your toes. Loved the theme of a therapy session. Mother I Sober is the best song on the album in my opinion.
A profound album marked by Kendrick's demystification of himself while addressing personal issues such as fatherhood.
I love this album on god one of the best Kendrick albums in my opinion. I mean, all are good with tpab being the best and this si def up there. The production level of this album was crazy such as rich spirit such a good song it felt like the beat was touching my heart same with count me out so unique and same with other songs such as we cry togehter, saviour, etc. and I loved how kendrick went all out in N95.
It was good but people ganna hate cuz the subject matter. After first listen if feels like the MMLP with way more numerous pockets but less bangers like real slim shady or way I am.
Keeps getting better with every listen. The King has returned. Its Kendrick Season, yall!
in love with this album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gousdfgoisfdgdpsofijgposdifgjpodsifgpsdofiguj
Musically adventurous with a lot of challenging ideas to chew on. Definitely in the same league as his three classic albums from the 2010s.
Sonically very different A true work of art that represents internal trauma.
one of the best albums of kendrik. the way he talks about sensitive and complex issues. for exmple in Auntie Diaries he talks about lgbt and his personal experience from childhood. I think that album is masterpiece.thank you again kendrik, for create a album that doesnt afired to touch sensitive subjects.
Weak begging its first half never really felt like It could choose a theme however last half was really strong with songs like savior Purple Hearts etc
This album clearly shows Kendrick's continuous growth, regardless of his already high level in the rap game. He definitely brings a new vibe and artistic approach as well as a distinct message. It reminds me of how TPAB appealed to most people. His flows and experimentation in this album are unparalleled and so addicting to listen to. It's just... refreshing! I'm so glad he's back man!
Absolutely genius!!! Variations of flows, such a great lyricist and storyteller, this album makes you feel in a big story. Mr morale is very provocative.
Sonically it’s not like his passed albums I get the deepness of the message but sonically I felt like it wanted to be TPAB 2.0 but I have this album second to last of his catalogue
Well hasn’t this been one of the most divisive and polarising albums of the year! Long awaited, highly anticipated and now heavily debated, Kendrick Lamar dropped his latest album ‘Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers’ last week and there has been no shortage of discussion online and in barbershops and street corners around the globe.Full review at: https://rawsidehiphop.com/review-kendrick-lamar-mr-morale-the-big-steppers
His most personal project to date. Sonically, lyrically, and conceptually amazing.
The
It's one of the most albums that I related to from Kendrick and I do enjoy this album more than any album I listened in these past 5 years. One of the greatest rappers of all time and the best of this generation. Ty mr Kendrick Lamar ❤
This is a masterpiece, definitely the best album for the last 2 - 3 years, for me there's no miss, every song does the job and bring to me that "theatre" experience that I expected it to be, even tho it cannot compare to GKMB or TPAB, but it's still a great piece of artwork to listen to.
THIS MAN IS THE GOAT! The album was amazing and really heartfelt. Wwgxjvxwbxjbxiwbxbxuwbxidibdiwbxiwbxiwvxibibxjwvdiiwvxibwxivwxihqixbwxiwvxivwixbwixbqixbqxuwbxiqvxiwxivixwbxiwiwiqxiqvxiwvxivwxivwxubwxugquxgqxuqgqxuqvxjqvxjqvxjvqxquxvquxuxqvuxvwivqu do uxgwixbqdubquxbwixwvxibwxiwbiibwixbixbwixwidbwbwixbiwdbwidhwidvwiwucxiwvxiwgxiwdgiwhxiqdqiqiqgxiqgxiqgxqgqidgwidgwvuhewydbuduwdvzvzwbxuvzuqvxuw xuwgduebduwbxubxubxeuheudvixvwugixbqudbx
Another brilliant masterpiece, what else do you expect from Kendrick Lamar? (Better listening to it over time/a few times as opposed to instant gratification, an album as heavy as this comes with that expectancy).
I enjoyed this album a lot. i was very excited for this project and it met my expectations.Favourite tracks- united in grief, N95, We cry together, auntie diaries and mother I sober
Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers is a change of perspective from Kendrick Lamar, consequently providing us with a unique soundscape while simultaneously giving us some solid bangers. It is a deep dive into Kendrick's psyche, with the framing of a therapy session. The execution of this perspective is near flawless with the separation of the first and second disk. Some tracks seem a bit generic or weak to me (Die Hard, Purple Hearts), but still holds solid ground in the context of the album.Favorite Tracks: United In Grief, N95, Worldwide Steppers, Father Time, Rich Spirit, Crown, Savior, Auntie Diaries, Mother I Sober, MirrorLeast Favorite Tracks: Die Hard, Silent Hill
Absolute masterpiece, Mother I sober might be the best song Kendrick has done .
With the three previous Kendrick albums I expected a lower grade album for Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers, and that’s what he delivered. The album is not perfect with records like Rich Spirit and Silent Hill being the weaker parts. Those very songs skewed my view of the album after the first listen. Still after all this I kept listening to the album as you do with Kendrick’s albums to really try to understand his composition and lyrics. After a few days of this album on repeat I’ve found myself appreciating part 2, Mr. Morale a lot more. The grand production of Mr. Morale really brought home this theater-like feeling that’s carrying every song throughout the album. As a Baby Keem fan I really enjoyed the chemistry between him and Kendrick’s production (since I thought production was the weaker part of Baby Keem’s album Melodic Blue). Mr. Morale also has a more hard hitting lyrical themes with Mother I Sober and Auntie Diaries. Part one, The Big Steppers, also had its grand songs. United in Grief, Worldwide Steppers and Father Time were the peaks of this part for me. While We Cry Together is insanely beautiful it’s not a track I walk around and listen to as often at the others because I would rather not listen to two people arguing for 4 minutes. Just to end it off I want to mention my favorite tracks in no particular order.United in GriefWorldwide SteppersFather TimeCount Me OutSaviorAuntie DiariesMother I Sober Mirror
Realmente es una pieza que precisa atención, consigo tiene una producción agradable con sonidos instrumentales precisós y ni hablar de su lirica que destaca a lo largo del álbum más que todo dónde LAMAR da puntos, ideas, explicación, reflexiónes sobre un entorno familiar y personal.En conclusión es un álbum bien elaborado para escuchar esta parte solidamente pasiva, leve de KENDRICK LAMAR
A classic **** again it is very good experience kendrick is a top 5 best rapper all time
Kendrick Poured his heart out in this album, The Depth of this album is very DeepA full 10/10 bcoz he spoke so much truth in this album, Beats are great too, Kendrick is a Legend
Mr Morale and the Big Steppers is both sonically and lyrically one of the best hiphop records in recent years.
this piece of art is the most intimate we got to the greatest genius of all time.
simply magnificent, his lyrics, his rhythm, beats, absolutely everything was great and represented a great departure from my grandmother and my love breakup.
Kendrick is becoming an artist with the best set of albums it’s crazy. Not a average album yet: 4/4.This album is incredible. Could’ve done without the 4th track.
Mr Morale & The Big Steppers delivered in all expectations. A healing album. A matured album. I just pray we don't have to wait another 5 years because we need such conscious music.
It was a given that I would need to relisten the album multiple times to truly appreciate it. And that's what I did. And it was a great experience every time. It may not be a perfect album for everyone but for those it hits, hit's it very hard
We view Kendrick with the largest critical lens and for good reason. He's the greatest rapper of his generation and should be in the conversation for GOAT status. With MM&TBS Kendrick departs from what should expect from a "Hip-Hop" album and lands at on a piece of artwork in the form of a therapy session. It's more spoken word than rap, and if you're willing to accept that, this is for you.
I have to say that it was really worth the wait. Kendrick did not disappoint with this album. In this new project we can enjoy a more honest, humble and sensitive rapper, which is something very much needed since nowadays the hip-hop industry is more focused on showing off luxury and numbers. Nice featurings, captivating sounds and creative visuals.
Kendrick’s new album is a personal one which reveals more about his background, the nature of his relationships, and expresses his views in the classic Kendrick flow, set to instrumental masterpieces.
This album is masterpiece with Kendrick incredible message. It's a top 2 double disc of all time.
A one-of-a-kind album, every time I listen to this album it gets better, all of the songs are beautiful with great production and of course amazing lyricism from Kendrick. Easily the Album of The Year so far.
Easily one of the best rap albums to come out this year so far. Kendrick definitely delivers on his 5 year drought from the music industry and exceeds my expectations. While this is one of his weaker albums compared to his other masterpieces, it’s definitely an album you want to give a listen to.
2022 Masterpiece, One of my K dot favorite album very personal. I love song like mother i sober
His second greatest album to date, he put his genius into something beautiful once again. The album is like nothing no one has ever heard before, and it sounds amazing. The lyrics are the realest they have ever been.
My first ever Kendrick's album and I didn't get it.Maybe need to return to it later.
In some ways, this is Kendrick's best album. It has the catchiest songwriting, the most personal lyrics and stories, and the most diverse production on any Kendrick release to date. However, the abundant use of homophobic slurs on "Auntie Diaries" and the extremely Kanye-esque production of "Mr. Morale" keeps me from loving this album as much as 'To Pimp a Butterfly". I do prefer the mixes on this album, as they're very intimate, putting Kendrick's vocals and lyricism at the forefront of every track, even when there's a lot of nuance in the instrumentation, whereas the hook of "Wesley's Theory", for example, can be misinterpreted easily. These crystal clear vocals make the lyrics of even the more trap centric songs more potent. This is, overall, a beautiful return to music for Kendrick Lamar.
Might be kedricks best album. It’s def the album of the year. There isn’t a single miss on the album
On first listen I was confused. On second listen I was intrigued. Third listen and I was starting to fall in love with it. Now that it's been a month since it released I feel comfortable saying that this album is incredible. My only complaints are that the production on die hard and purple hearts is a tad weak. Kendrick's verse on purple hearts is also not my favorite thing that I've ever heard, but everything else here is personal, beautiful, textured and exciting. Kendrick continues to raise his own bar with every release, and this album only further cements his legacy as one of the greatest to ever do it. Bravo k-dot, bravo.
mais uma obra prima de um dos melhores artistas da década! letras impecáveis com tons críticos à sociedade q expressam insatisfação e revolta, coisas q o kendrick sabe falar e rimar muito bem. transições marcantes, beats perfeitos e estética perfeita
el álbum es bueno, aun para cualquier persona que no escucha rap. El álbum es muy bueno, de verdad, muuuuuy bueno
Kendrick yet again evolves. An introspective and at times indulgent journey into his psyche and in turn an examination of our collective psyche. Powerful, poignant and artistic as always
This album will Catch and people will realize why kdot his the best of the best
Album still in my circulation… Kendrick Lamar is a GOAT and I won’t stop listening to it
Masterpiece! Brave! Creative! Artistic! Beautiful! Another classic! He did it again, and this time, better!
Kendrick Lamar is god Kendrick Lamar is god Kendrick Lamar is god Kendrick Lamar is god Kendrick Lamar is god Kendrick Lamar is god Kendrick Lamar is god Kendrick Lamar is god
Kendrick Lamar must be the number one contender for greatest artist of all time, This album cemented that, after what he did with Good kid MAAd City (which is the greatest album of all time)
this album will be the best album of the year. Tracks "we cry together" and "savior" are so emotional. Like it
This is something I've been craving, ever since it was announced. Kendrick Lamar, Rapper, Poet, "Prophet", and Modern Hip Hop Great, has been one of my favourite artists to Ever exist. 'To Pimp A Butterfly' and 'Good Kid Maad City' are definite all time favourites for me, and I think 'Untitled Unmastered' and 'Section 80' are phenomenal landmarks in Hip Hop of the last decade in my humble opinion. "Mr Morale And The Big Steppers" is his first album since his 2017 hit "DAMN." An album that I didn't love as much as I wanted to, and have only got less interested in over the years. But, I was Highly looking forward to this album nonetheless, and I am not disappointed and quite Love. But, not immediately though, This is an album, that from my first listen, I knew required some extra time to digest and appreciate the details. Even more so than Complex albums like TPAB, due to the sudden shift he's made here, both sonically and substantially. The album is kind of a mess, that doesn't really give you a constant sonic pallette like his previous classics, Nor does it have a coherent storyline. It's kind of similar to DAMN in that respect, but also has less radio appeal. This is what I think resulted in the relatively poor reception at the beginning by a lot of fans, since it doesn't hit you at the head with a certain appeal right off the bat.But, I think what makes this a Must listen and singularity in his catalogue, is it's fantastic expressiveness and Instability of psyche. It finds Kendrick in a constant sense of instability and vulnerability. This leads in him not being able to come to a conclusion in either the sound palette or the thematic ideas of the record. It's immersively dizzy as the album flips from jazzy piano instrumentation and strings and Hard bass drops and trap with no warning. The Opener "United In Grief" is a fantastic example of this, and also indirectly prepares you for whatever the rest of the record has in store for the listeners in terms of it's sound. While this does clearly lead in the album being all over the place and kinda inconsistent, it also makes it very unpredictable, and It's a much more coherent and consistent mess than, say, DAMN. It also has much more purpose to it as well.The album shows the introspective side of Kendrick yet, and it doesn't hold you back at that. It is quite exactly the therapy session of Kendrick, that runs unpredictably through topics ranging from Anxiety, Depression to Fatherhood and Sin. I love the Opener "United In Grief" and the following banger "N95". I also love "The Worldwide Steppers" and it's very monotonous and moody instrumental, and the focus set so well on Kendrick, as he delivers some very reflective poetry with some very creative flows. "Die Hard" being a melodic track, is one that I still think miles and leaps ahead of the ones on DAMN like "LOVE." The very beautiful features by blxst and Amanda Reifer make it a very enjoyable cut. And "Father Time" sees Kendrick reflecting on his responsibilities as a father, and acknowledges his issues in it as well, and Sampha gives a fantastic hook, making up for a classy and cinematic cut. "Rich Spirit" has a very breezy and atmospheric instrumental, topped by some great melodic lines by Kendrick, and I love the thoughtful poetry too."We Cry Together" adds a bit more layer to the very theatric and cinematic tone of the record, with it's very eerie alchemist beat, and Intense, Dramatic performances from Kendrick and Taylor Paigue. I also love how it adds to the Instability of Kendrick on the record. "Count Me Out" is a great introduction to the second disk, which immediately sets for a more hopeful and less unstable tone to it, which I think is also very relative to it's themes. "Savior" is a very cinematic cut, with some fantastic features from Baby Keem and Sam Dew, and also has Kendrick acknowledging that he really isn't a saviour, which he "made people feel like", but he really isn't. "Auntie Diaries" feature some phenomenal storytelling and cinematic string buliding string embellishments. I do acknowledge the slur controversy here, But I really am not on the demographic who can comment on it, But the fantastic meaning and it's expression makes it a career highlight for me. "Mr. Morale" is a very interesting cut, that features some dark James Blake-ish Psychedelic arps, that are weirdly immersive. "Mother I Sober" is the most introspective and emotional cut on the record, giving it much more depth and emotional potency. And "Mirror" ia a fitting outro to the record.The album is also clearly very all over the place, and while it's mostly coherent at that, it does feel choppy at more than enough points. I also think, it could feel kind of incomplete for a double record, and is paced weirdly. But, Keeping aside it's little inconsistencies and incoherence, "Mr Morale & The Big Steppers" is a very important addition to Kendrick Lamar' respected catalogue, that sees him at his most human.
Album of the year surely. Kendrick has now solidified his GOAT status with this album.
His most personal and experimental album to date. Kendrick Lamar comes back to give us another reason why he's considered the best in the genre.With songs like "United in Grief", "Auntie Diaries", and "Mother I Sober" these songs are incredibly therapeutic and gems to what's already a legendary discography.A lot of loose ends find their conclusion on this album. From Kendricks days in Compton, his woes from TBAP, and is self doubt in DAMN. Mr Morale & The Big Steppers sees a new Kendrick who has learned to grow and accept his past, and work towards a brighter future. With a mesh of stage music, and cinematic sound this album is truly a masterpiece.
The album differs from what I was expecting but has a deep meaning. In my opinion, not a perfect ten, but it was good enough for a 7.
More commercial than others Kendrick's albuns like DAMN and TPBAB, with no much talking experimental beats, but is so good.
Imagine mocking the word **** in your album. Did you get rid of lyrics to use? Get a 0 from me
A future classic and this one just confirms to me that he's in fact the greatest rapper of all time. The storytelling, the production, the many layers of this album and the vulnerability of Kenny are all on another level. An undisputed and not to be debated stellar discography in the 21st century that can't be duplicated. This **** made me tear up a bit towards the end with Mother I Sober. I have Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers neck and neck with its predecessor album DAMN. in my top 3 album interchangeable at number 2 and 3 respectively!
Kendrick floats on every beat of the album. As I listen to it more and more and dig deeper and deeper into the symbolism and meaning I fall more and more in love with it.
Good album, it has a lot of catchy tracks... as Bunny said it feels like a summer playlist. It's an improvement over el Ultimo Tour, but it's still far from the masterpiece of YHLQMDLG.In fact, it reminds me to X100PRE, in the sense that it has good individual songs and experiments with other genres, but as an album it still lacks cohesion (the risk of the experimentation) and at times it becomes monotonous, especially at the beginning of the 2nd half.FAV TRACKS: MOSCOW MULE, UN RATITO, YO NO SOY CELOSO, TAROT, NEVERITA, LA CORRIENTE, PARTY, ENSEÑAME A BAILAR, OTRO ATARDECERLEAST FAVS: AGUACERO, OJITOS LINDOS, EL APAGON, ANDREA, UN VERANO SIN TI
Benito nos a entregado álbum que te explora a algo nuevo en el género, otro álbum que te hace bailar en fiestas con un buen perre0 y otro álbum más melancólico que te hace reflexionar o pensar en la persona que quieres y ahora nos entrega un álbum para pasarla bien, sentado escuchando esta música. Excelente trabajo, no es el mejor pero entona bien con lo demás que tiene.
Largo y monótono tanto en letras como en producción. No fluyen bien ni las colaboraciones. Como disco no funciona. La decepción del año.
Bueno Bad Bunny sorprende con cosas nuevas y refrescantes alegrando el verano.
Para mí no es como tal un álbum si no un mixtape veraniego para disfrutar en la playa, pero está bueno el album hay varios temazos ahí
Este nuevo álbum con 23 canciones sólo destacan unas cuantas composiciones. En verdad estoy cansado de escuchar la misma letra que viene escribiendo en sus últimos álbumes, también es demasiado abrumante tener que pasar por 11 canciones para llegar al lado B y al fin poder escuchar algo diferente y decente. Por lo que el proyecto es sólo un álbum de hits para el verano, y no un proyecto fresco y ambicioso como nos tenía acostumbrado. Un álbum latino más del montón pero con un nombre reconocido.
Bad Bunny has a weird amount of haters for the projects he drops. This new album is impressive, both for being sonically ambitious, but for achieving a level of accessibility unseen yet in his works. Likely the album that solidifies his worldwide dominance. Well earned.
Sin duda una experiencia extraña para mal, algo que se veía venir tomando la lírica repetitiva, tenemos ritmos variados pero en su mayoría predecibles, estancado en su zona de comfort, pretende ser una carta de amor a la música latina pero de forma floja y forzada, varias colaboraciones desechables, excepto con The Marias, A la primera escucha tenía definido mis 15 favoritas, pero a la segunda, ya fui descartando varias. Un Verano Sin Ti peca de ser largo con un concepto simple como la relación sentimental en época de verano, termina estando al nivel de pretencioso como CLB de Drake pero en un ambiente latino. Muy contrastante con las intenciones de Rosalía en MOTOMAMI, un trabajo que si bien tiene un aire urbano latino, muestra diferentes facetas de ella con sus raíces con carga de significado en cada track y la producción poco convencional, un proyecto distinto en el mainstream en idioma español, pero infravalorado por la misma audiencia hispana por no ser muy digerible y comercial como un album de bad bunny.
EXCELENTE regreso de Bad Bunny. Sin duda a sorpredido bastante con el nuevo estilo que presenta en Un Verano Sin Ti. Es realmente bueno, ya que experimenta con otros géneros que tal vez no esta tan adentrado a utilizar, sin embargo en este nuevo proyecto logra demostrar la enorme versatilidad que posee para poder adaptarse a distintos géneros con una facilidad y creatividad, haciéndolo de una manera tan increíble. Contando con una gran producción que muestra vibras tropicales, de playa y tranquilas... En pocas palabras la producción esta descrita en la portada del álbum; logra transmitir a la perfección lo que hay en ella. Es una producción así mismo, muy solida y robusta, tiene mucha coherencia con todos los demás elementos del álbum, sigue una linea concreta, cumpliendo así con el concepto el álbum a la perfección. Algo muy destacable también, son las colaboraciones que hay, las cuales son muy buenas. Pareciera que fueran las colaboraciones especificas para estar dentro de este álbum.Ahora Bad Bunny, se abre paso a experimentar con intros, interludios y outros increíbles, logra cambiar el ritmo de las pistas adecuadamente. Otro punto importante es la letra del álbum en general, ya que su letra se siente muy madura y con mucho mas significado; es una explosión de sentimientos y emociones que logra transmitirlos de inicio a fin. Un Verano Sin Ti, es toda una experiencia, que incluso llega a sentirse estar en el lugar en donde fue creado el álbum. Es uno de los proyectos mas importantes en la carrera de Bad Bunny, apuntando por mucho a ser su mejor álbum por mucho, incluso mejor que YHLQMDLG. Este proyecto abre muchas expectativas para poder seguir esperando con que pude sorprender en un futuro con nueva música.
Es un mal álbum como álbum, un desperdicio de buena producción consecuente a sus líricas monotonas, clichés y genéricas. Ya le urge una reinvención definitiva.
Awesome album! Definitely one of the best projects of the years so far. Bas bunny is on his pace to become the legend in the urban genre
Mediocre. Calidad vocal reluce por su ausencia, letras básicas, más de lo mismo. Esperaba algo diferente del disco, dos me gustan y son 23 canciones. Poco y bien en vez de mucho y mal.
Haber como era de esperarse el albúm cuenta con las letras más básicas y poco profundas ninguno de sus 23 tracks logro despertarme un sentimiento particular de disfrute en fin será ese album que se utilizará en alguna fiesta ocasional pero nada especial
Que decadencia de calidad con cada álbum, pero como sus fans se comen hasta lo que caga, que sigan aplaudiendo al "escritor de la década"
Album totalmente diferente do que está acostumado a se escutar dentro do cenário latino. Traz pautas da sociedade dentro do álbum e com muita leveza, um dos melhores albuns da carreira.
It's definitely not Benito's best album, you don't have to be a fan or a hater to recognize it. Those "new beats" aren't a surprising innovation, at least not in the way they were executed, I'm not even comparing it to his previous albums, he just wasted all of its potential, and besides, the production is very poor and empty. Un coco and Moscow blue are the most salvageable songs
Es sin duda el artista mas sobrevalorado del momento, se crea un hype sin sentido y nos termina dando un disco con 23 canciones de las cuales la mitad sobran mucho al sonar exactamente igual que otras. Un insulto total que intenten colar este disco como un disco "experimental" aprendan lo que es es un disco experimental primero
Extremamente original e diferente. Soma elementos únicos que fazem das músicas do Bunny os melhores reagettons do planeta.
SENCILLAMENTE ES EL MEJOR ARTISTA, ÁLBUM 20/10. NO FALLÓ NI UNA SOLA CANCIÓN. TE AMO
Bad Bunny es el fiel exponente de lo que no debería hacerse con la música ……
I didn’t like it at all. I think his lyrics are boring and I thought he’d be doing something new. It’s a NO for me
the album's good, has new kind sounds, rhythms are pretty experimental and it's kinda too long. i'd take it as a good album, but i feel it like is a motomami's copy, the lyrics are basic like always, and the production is so underlow. it maybe could be a good album if BB had put some "unknown" in it besides of the bases :)
Unfortunately there are 0 hits unlike other albums of Bad Bunny… just a chaotic album :(
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaqaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Muy buen disco, tiene sus altibajos en su lado A pero cierra con un lado B brillante. Destacan sus colaboraciones con Bomba Estéreo, The Marias y Buscabulla. Un verano sin ti es el tema latino del año.
Original review:9/03/22 Score:4/10It's been way too long since he's sounded this exciting! My first listens felt decoud of excitement or versatility but on my now multiple listens It's clicked as perhaps one if his top 3 albums. Finally returning to the dynamic impulses that had strengthened his best efforts such as on the second track that blew my mind away! Or the "girl from impenanata" sample for "yo no soy celso " bossanova ease. It's definitely worth your time as you relax by the pool beneath a summer sun
Benito nos entregou um dos melhores álbuns do ano com sons profundos e altamente culturais e mensagens e protestos sobre seu país, além disso o album conta com ritmos que vão de super animados e festivos para dançar até ritmos mais lentos para relaxar e refletir.
I have no idea what 90% of the lyrics are. Honestly, not knowing Spanish is the best thing that could happen while listening to this album. Once you look at the lyrics in English, you realize this man only has one thing on his mind. He is on the same coomer level of Hasanabi. Either way, he knows how to keep me and the rest of my Mexican homies boppin; so it's lit.
pretty good, his third best proyect to datewish he tries something different next time just like did with x100pre
ame todas las 23 canciones. me puse feliz, triste y también baile mucho, de todo un poco. Me llena de felicidad que benito haya crecido un montón desde que debutó musicalmente y personalmente. lo sigo desde el 2017 y me llena de mucho orgullo que se haya convertido en uno de los mejores de la industria musical latina y en la música en general. Como dominicana que soy, me llenó de alegría todas las referencias a mi país, te amamos mucho, los domis que estan en el país y también los que estamos fuera como yo
Tiene unas canciones que son MUY buenas y otras que suenan a muchas cosas que he escuchado antes.
Melhor álbum urbano de 2022 até agora. Sou latina, do Brasil, e embora aqui a língua oficial seja o português garanto que essa barreira não impede de eu me identificar com essa sonoridade viciante e quente. Me tornei fã do Bad Bunny graças a esse álbum. “Un Verano Sin Ti” é uma obra atemporal!
É um álbum de verão ideal, cheio de músicas divertidas e relaxantes como Andrea, Aguacero e Ojitos Lindos. Mas acho ele exageradamente longo com muitas faixas desnecessárias, a primeira metade é melhor que a segunda, mais a segunda tem as melhores faixas porém cheia de "fillers" , entendo que o conceito do álbum é de ser uma "playlist" , mas acho que é apenas uma desculpa para extender o álbum, mesmo com essas falhas, o álbum é bastante bom, ótimo para relaxar no verão e é cheio de hits grudentos como "Me Porto Bonito" e "Party".Nota: 8/10 Faixas que eu recomendo: Andrea, Aguacero, Moscow Mule, Ojitos Lindos, Yo No Soy Celoso.
El avance y evolución de BB ha sido bueno, en lo personal siento que esta imponiendo la cultura latina alrededor del mundo y lo esta haciendo muy bien, excelente proyecto.
Un Verano sin ti es un po- a cierto en ingles, It is a good album that fulfills its mission and although some other song is a minimum duty, the album fulfills what it promised
I love this album, it's impressive how it plays with so many genres, and even though it's a long album, it doesn't bore you at any time because of the fusion of sounds. Bad Bunny gave us everything a Latino expected, I'll have this album on repeat all summer!!
Bad Bunny is one of the best Latin exponents, his music is so versatile, he deserves all his success. His new album reflects to us how capable he is of playing with different sounds and pleasing all kinds of audiences. I really love that his music is directed to the Caribbean, especially to Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic, since he always leaves us in awe!
Más o menos lo mismo de siempre, esperaba algo más original o experimental pero es lo que le funciona así que por qué cambiar.
Summer playlist updated! Mixing tons of genres and Latin beats, Bad bunny puts out a "vibe" album, that shows how much he's grown as a musician
bad bunny como siempre haciendo buenos álbumes, el mejor artista urbano de toda la historia
un álbum diferente, con ritmos tropicales o caribeños. Bad Bunny sin duda salió de su zona de confort y lo hizo increíble.
sonidos tan variados, letras increíbles, hablando de temas sociales etc, me encanta, es perfecto!!
Me encantó este álbum. La discografía es increíble. El mejor disco que he escuchado con diferentes estilos de música, incluye, dembow, merengue, reggaeton, reggaeton romantic, trap, house, bossa nova, etc. Tiene mucha variedad. A pesar de que fue un álbum largo de 23 canciones, es posible que te encanten al menos 5 o 7 canciones que te encanten. El disco se hizo para disfrutarlo este verano y eso es lo que conseguimos. Salió de su zona de confort y demostro que si puedo. Demostró que es un buen artisa con mucho talento.
this album is incredible i love how it plays with so many different sounds, it's such a refreshing album, bad bunny really achieved its concept of delivering a beach project, when you finish the album all you want is to go to the beach! Thank you bad bunny for representing us Latinos so well
Álbum que te transporta al verano, con nostalgia, alegría y ritmos variados.
Best album of Bad Bunny. Él Apagón is a master piece who shows reggaeton can be mixed with a lot of rythms, included house. Latin vogue b*
He did it again. Music weaves in and out creating the perfect atmosphere. Enough said.
This may very well be his greatest album of all time. Starts off very climatic and transitions onto a more laxed tempo. Moscow Mule, Me Porto Bonito, Titi Me Pregunto, Tarot, Party, Andrea are all my personal favorite tracks. Will not be surprised to see them dominating the top charts on Billboard, Spotify and Apple Music. Hands down album of the year. 9/10.
INCREIBLE. Muchos sonidos distintos, cada canción te lleva a varios viajes
Aburrido nada nuevo lo mismo de siempre solo que con ritmos mas equis y mediocres
Ruim, voz entre as piores do mercado, conceito bagunçado, precisa melhorar em muitos aspectos
El mejor álbum de Bad Bunny sin duda. De las 23 canciones, solo una se hace larga. Un Verano Sin Ti es tan diferente de sus otros discos, increíble. Gracias Benito, lo hiciste otra vez.
Realmente no es la gran cosa y muchas de sus canciones suenan igual que otras que ya tiene met
un trabajo diferente a lo que nos tiene acostumbrado con sus singles, aunque sabemos que siempre busca reinventarse y nos lo demostró con El Último Tour del Mundo y ahora con Un Verano Sin Ti combinando gran variedad de ritmos caribeños, en fin es un grandioso trabajo de Bad Bunny como ya nos tiene acostumbrado.
Lo peor del mundo, las mismas letras y todo el tiempo, no entiendo porque otro álbum sin experimentar o cambiar algunas vistas
Otro disco de bad bunny y suena igual que todos sus discos, repetitivo y con él mismo ritmo
Nada diferente a los anteriores álbumes,simplemente aburrido y sin chiste lo que transmite
Un álbum diferente, varios tipos de sonido, y con una vibra justo para el verano, excelente!
Temazos tienen unos beats, expectaculares me encantaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Uno de los mejores albums del año la verdad sinceramente, inlcuso uno de los mejores albums del verano
La verdad es un album muy bueno, se me hace que bad bunny supo mezclar diferentes tipos de estilos como el mambo y la verdad le salio muy bien, es un album buenisimo, y cada canciones tiene su diferente estilo y ritmo, hay algunas como tarot, un coco, titi me pregunto, agosto que se me hacen buenisimas
Bad Bunny set the bar too high with his last projects. This new album is not bad, but since we were used to a much more creative art, these songs feel rushed and boring. The lyrics are too repetitive and the sounds are very common. I hope he makes something better in the future.
Sonidos nuevos, vibras nuevas, concepto novedoso. El álbum es de los mejores en los últimos tiempos
Me gustó mucho el álbum, tiene colaboraciones muy buenas, al igual que la mezcla de beats que le metió a las canciones le da un toque distinto al género del Reguetón y sin duda uno de los mejores álbumes del género para este año. Sin duda demuestra que Benito no defrauda y que le pone bastante empeño a lo que hace.
Me alegra demasiado este álbum, es muy muy bueno, un álbum muy calmado con unas vibras de verano
No tiene sentido de común en su carrera de artística de bad buny solo dice teta culo que no mame que es ese estilo esta afectando la gente se que este cambio es muy diferente con las palabras bulgares
Me parece un buen álbum, claramente no se destaca con sus otros proyectos como "YHLQMDLG" y "x100pre" pero no es un disco malo, si hay algunos momentos repetitivos pero se disfruta y el concepto se logra efectuar bastante bien, para mí uno de los mejores discos del 2022
a good album, but the laziness of listen to 23 tracks are more higher, to listen usually is good
Bad Bunny é um artista que eu amo, fez história com esse álbum, é o meu favorito no mundo!!!!! Ele merece tudo que ele está conquistando!!!! 10/10!
De los mejores álbumes del año, si no, el mejor. Tiene un poco de todo, y aunque tenga algunas canciones comerciales de reggaetón básicas, no dejan de ser super buenas y si las ponen en una fiesta la gente se vuelve loca. Un álbum muy variado y Bad Bunny logró mezclarse bien con los features para lograr algo muy fresco y natural. Una joya de la música latina actual.
El álbum de Bad Bunny es bien repetitivo, y volvió a denigrar a la mujer con Titi
No es trap pero una vez más demostrando que todo lo hace bien, grande badbo, puede mejorar pero no es ningún secreto que siempre la rompe
Ya podrían por favor dejar de hacer popular a esta gente ?? No cantan , no hay ciencia , las letras son malas … en serio por eso la música en español ya no trae nada
While listening to this album driving, I fell asleep on the highway and woke up in a ditch. It should be illegal to make music this boring.
I've listened to Jack Harlow since What's Poppin, but I also listened to all his older albums, which are among his best. I was excited for this album based on his past work, but it was just really disappointing. It had extremely boring rap performances despite often decent production. First Class is also his worst song of all time in my opinion. Really a shame because he was one of my favorite rappers prior to dropping this album.
this album was so medicore, lyrics are horrible, production was mid, do not get the hype at all
This album is really bland compared to other debuts, it has lack of effort in every song! Generic and mainstream and that's not bad, that's just something that we already have in uncountable quantities nowadays.
There's music that inspires you, that has a meaning, a purpose, a reason to exist. Come Home the Kids Miss You has none of that. Nothing that Jack Harlow raps about is interesting enough for you to listen this album a second time, this because he probably has realy nothing to say. Not even the descent production makes the listen worth it.
They should call him "Hack Harlow" instead. Harlow's second studio album is probably the most creatively bankrupt big name studio project in a long while, it's pretty disappointing knowing that Harlow is just starting his career and already playing it safe when it comes to his sound. The charming, chill guy I see in interviews is entirely absent from this album, as Harlow decides to take the Drake approach and craft some decent beats using his giant budget, only to rap corny bars with vocals that feel as though they lack any emotion whatsoever. Every single track on this project sounds near identical, the beats, vocals, lyrics, nothing really changes at all, Harlow raps endlessly about how many women he sleeps with and how much money he has for 15 freaking tracks! On a 7 track mixtape that might be excusable but 15 is really pushing it. Harlow did not try at all while making this, and it shows, there is almost nothing of substance on this record and the only track I'd even consider hearing again is Churchill Downs featuring Drake, since some of the bars are pretty decent, but every other track had me asleep.
Incredibly disappointing, overwhelmingly bland. Not a single stand out track. Doesn't even work well as background music. Nail Tech is the closest to a standout track and even then his music peaked way before this album was released.
it's the worst album i have ever heard, i can't believe i waste so much time on this.
this isn’t his best work but y’all acting like he sucks
it’s actually a really great album. rap twitter and community just decided to hate i’m from now on for some reason. we get it, he’s white.
Easily the worst record i’ve heard in a very very VERY long time. The lyrics are beyond bad, misogynistic and just downright gross. That man can’t rap if his life depended on it. Literally who made this famous?
It’s a great album, Jack illustrates his ups and downs with the fame’s growth. He sounds pure and honest with great compositions and a good production. I’m obsessed!
Twitter just decided to hate it! It’s actually a pretty great album, specially thinking about the fact that it is only his second album! You may not love it right away but it really grows on you, specially the second half of it. Has amazing features and some songs that have the potential to be the next singles. Give it a try!
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
It’s definitely a good album, it’s getting numbers for a reason, right? But all of a sudden people started hating on him (because he’s a white rapper), it reminds me of Iggy Azalea, an outstanding rapper who got destroyed by the public’s hypocrisy; just like Taylor Swift says: “I think I’ve seen this film before, and a didn’t like the ending”
perfect and unique album, I really loved listening to each song, dua lipa is without a doubt my favorite
El mejor álbum del mundo mundial, escuchen dua lipa y Firts classs, lo mejor del mundo
it's the most mid album i have ever heard in my whole life
Jack was everybody's favourite underground rapper, and now the new Drake.The problem is, he is not 2012 Drake, Jack went with 2022 Drake. He was never known as a womanizer, but now he is trying so hard to be. As a brand, it's working. But as an artist, more than half his album is endlessly flirting with the listener, I got grossed out halfway. Most of Drake's new offerings that also endlessly talk to women is far more tolerable than this, because Drake eased people into his personas. Jack went all-in and it's jarring. And it's all just "first date" flirting. Fuccboi stuff.In "I got a shot", it's so clearly made for Young Thug, it might as well been a demo tape for Thugger to sing over.Jack mentioned in a recent interview that he made sure to lead the over production style, which is consistent. The album SOUNDS like a cohesive piece of work. The subject matter, not so much.The production may be consistent, but most of it is not anything new or inspiring. We already heard Nail Tech and First Class. Really gotta bring his main producer 2forwOyNE back, and make a RAP album.I saved Dua Lipa, Sidepiece, Churchill Downs, State Fair, so I enjoyed some of the album. Maybe I am being a little too critical because I enjoyed him so much as an underground artist and I do like him as a person.Bring 2forwOyNE and all your day-one producers back! And the glasses. Album name and cover made it sound like he was going to his roots to make a serious rap album, which I was sus about, and now I'm pretty disappointed. Stop flirting Jack, start rapping again.
Very bad album. So overrated industry plant fueled by streaming farms and payola.
Proof that Jack Harlow is living clickbait. He's got the swagger,personality and budget but that all mean nothing when you have no talent or especially in this case nothing to say. The album title is misleading as this is no homecoming, nothing remotely personal happens here or at least for a long enough time for it to be interesting. It feels like a less interesting version of "certified lover boy " which means alot given how tragically bland that also was. Churchill Downs ,the opener and the viral section of first class are the few moments where a pulse can be felt . He had the world's ear and rather than reward the attention he sent it to bed without dinner.
Considero ele um artista com muito potencial, mas é nitido que nesse álbum ele está completamente ofuscado, espero que venham trabalhos melhores que esse.
The supposedly more "personal" nature of "Come Home the Kids Miss You" ultimately does little to endear Harlow to listeners [and frequently even has the opposite effect], with odd production choices that leave many beats feeling curiously threadbare, groanworthy lyrics loaded up with casual misogyny and shallow bragging, and the rapper's lifeless delivery of limp flows frequently proving puzzling, cringe-inducing and/or downright boring above all else.
It was a waste of time, please listen to white noise cause it will give you more peace
This album hits different on mute! L + ratio + YoungBoy better + Jack Harlow is ass.
Definitely an over hated album. But my biggest dispute with this album is the final stretch, notably after Churchill Downs. It went from banger after banger to a stretch of repetitive, overly long songs. Nail Tech and Churchill Downs are easily the best songs on the album. If the songs with JT and Lil Wayne were shorter, I feel this would be a 10.
One more album of the pile with nothing to contribute, i regret listening to it
Embarrassing what sells these days. Actually tragic. This man music is a glass if coke with ice that's been sitting out for 8 hours and u drink it
this album is a definition of mediocre,the drake feature is better than the hole thing
Embarrassing album!!! This is just so bad omg yuck pls hack jarlow payola industry plant
i hate this, I don't like anything. not in vocals, rhythm, melody, nothing. this man is certainly one of the most overrated in recent times. the meaning of white privilege.
Honestly, it's a good idea, but kind of failed in terms of execution. The songs clearly have great amounts of detail and effort, but it's not quite there just yet.
lacklustre in all departments. lyrically, the unappetising, repetitive and lazy beats, the vocals etc. genuinely didn't enjoy any song, he gets 2 points for the fergie sample on first class.
The term garbage refers to any unusable waste. Is this definition familiar to you? Of course, this definition also fits with this album. It is an insult to Dua Lipa that a track has her name on it.
Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid Mid .
A disappointing Caesar salad. Not an abomination. But far below subpar. Sounds like Apple loops. Flow stays the same. Artless end rhymes which show how far he is from being a lyricist.
Terrible. Really bad. Disgusting. My ears are bleeding. Just a nerd white guy who thinks be a gangster.
A terrible album that highlights Harlow's lack of talent. Struggling to understand all the air time he's been getting lately, it's 2022 - being pretty no longer justifies fame.
Extremely boring. That's it. Jack really needs to learn how not to only make good singles and drop a trash album.
No no no no no no no
This album is a strong contender for the worst album of the year...no, scratch that - worst album of the CENTURY.
Jack Harlow's new album is genuinely depressing and boring.Trust me , I am(was) hard core fan who got hooked due to the Thats what they all say album on repeat several times.I was in his 0.05% top listeners.His new album however shows that he only cares about breaking charts and has tried so hard to change his identity into some womanizer.Only few songs in this album like Dua Lipa(I only like the song due to the melody) and first class(Also due to the melody).I dont get why everyone says the only reason he's getting. bad reviews is due to his ethnicity which has litreally nothing to do with this.So this is a 4 or a low 5
Respectfully, what the **** it is going on?Jack Harlow, if you need help, tell us, now!
Un excelente álbum que muestra la capacidad de Jack y su crecimiento como artista.
It is bland and the hype this had was amazing but it is so disappointing I expected better
Just bad, I was so excited to hear this, such a surprise to see a new Black Star album, and then to hear it, and be this disappointed. Maybe it is just the current state of hip hop, but this one does not do justice to the talent involved or their past works, including Madlib's production.
This album is super tight from start to finish. Black Star did a really fantastic job with this project and major props to Madlib for providing the landscape for them. There's not a single track on this album that i did not like at all. It is one of the best projects that i've heard this year so far.
Madlib's biggest carry job of his career and one of the worst album rollouts ever.
El album de Future esta padre, las colaboraciones con Drake, etc. La verdad pudo haber estado aun mejor pero se siente bien escucharlo por primera vez
This is future at peak toxic masculinity. If you know you know this album is a banger.
Great beats, funny lyrics, just exactly what I want from Future. No **** straight hip hop.
The trap GOAT returns with another banger. His beat selection, flow, and versatility solidify that he's one of the greatest to ever do it, 10+ years run prove it. This album was another trophy to the collection, most of the features were perfect, a short album with no fillers. Another 10/10
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
This album is like a perfect blend of DS2 and HNDRXX, taking away the somewhat boring sleepy trap sounds of HNDRXX and making it bouncier and more enjoyable at times throughout the album similar to DS2. However there are a few tracks and bars on the album that definitely don't need to be here.
It's another Future album so you know exactly what to expect: a bunch of rushed songs where Future does the same thing he always does, with the exact same lack of passion or artistry, resulting in another overlong album stuffed with filler tracks where Future does the same thing he always does over strong trap beats. Kanye's feature steals the scene here, while Drake appears a couple times with the same lack of imagination or passion as Future. These guys are just here for a paycheck, something Future continues to make clear with every album he releases. It's a shame because Future has some brilliant moments featuring on other artists songs, but when it comes to his own albums it seems like he tries to bang them out in the shortest amount of time possible without any creativity or respect for his audience.
album is bad lmfaoooo this is just embarassing. zzzzzzzzzzx. put me to sleep
Best drop of 2022 so far shows how Future will forever be the king of trap.
Future gave more lyricism in this attempt but fell short with his overpowering autotune flare which made us love him in the beginning
Overall pretty ok album, came in this album expecting some average trap songs that are very forgettable but i'd say i was mostly pretty wrong. The boring trap songs are still here but a lot of the songs have an extra flavour on them like the first track 712 pm, it comes with a dark instrumental and future who comes in with a lot of expression on it. Same thing for tracks like holy ghost and back to the basics. My favorite track is puffin on zootiez. This is a track gunna wish he would make. Very smooth, flows well. I'm on one, wait for u are equally as good imo but they are not stand out in any way.Best tracks- puffin on zootiez- 712 pm- I'm on one- wait for u- holy ghostleast favorite tracks:- massaging me- we just wanna get high- some of the deluxe tracks( the deluxe is disappointing in a way , without it i would have maby gave this album a 7)
this album is utter trash. this is coming from a hip-hop alumni and a Freebandz fan. Compared to even his most recent project with Baby Pluto or even his older works like DS2 and 3D, this album doesn't compare in any way, neither does it push his sound forward. More like a regress instead of progress. The only good songs on this album is "Gold Stacks" & "Massaging Me" - Even the two drake features are lackluster. As future himself would say I'm just being honest. People who claim this album is top tier rap are either disillusioned by the drought of good music content drops within the last couple years or they been sippin that lean for waaaaayy too long.
this album sucks, future made it. neevr even listened to it lmfao LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Snoop Dogg once said “I don’t know who is who when they’re doing that rap style, and I love them all. Future, Migos, Drake, I love all of them. They’re my n****s, but I don’t know who is who when the record is over.” This perfectly describes this album. This is just full of auto tune and stuff that anyone can write or perform. Thanks Snoop!
The classic Future sound, better than ever, showcasing his development as a rapper and the accolades the lifestyle has brought him.
Incredible album sonically. Flawless production by both Kanye West and Pharrell. Pusha T continues to demonstrate his ability to rap with complexity while making it sound simple.
I love Push; been a fan since Lord Willin' and soak up just about everything he puts out. However, this album leaves a lot to be desired. At just 35 minutes long, it feels very pared down and overly simple. There are some good innuendos and punches but nothing seemed to really stick out. To wait four years after Daytona for this is a bit a letdown.Maybe one or two songs have good replay value as most tracks just keep rehashing the same coke theme and from an aesthetic point of voice, most of the beats and melodies seem all over the place and a hodgepodge of randomness, which happens when you have two diametrically opposed producers in Ye and Pharrell at the controls.
Absolutely incredible production by Pharrell and Kanye backed by amazing songwriting with strong bars in each song. Features a little underwhelming but Pusha keeps us invested throughout.
The only way to follow up Daytona. Another masterpiece. Push is obviously one of the best rappers alive.
Pusha adds another solid record to his discography with Almost Dry. The beats have a slight grime to them that sound so nice being paired with his bars about dealing coke. It’s usually hyperbole when we say an album has no skips but this one really delivers the same amount of punch each and every track.
The coke king returns. Sonically awesome with the Neptunes and Ye handling the beats. Pusha Ts lyricism remains as sharp ever. It falls a little short of DAYTONA, but is a very good follow up. If this is when Pusha T says it's almost dry, I can't wait to hear when that **** is dry.
“Daytona”, his previous album, and “It’s Almost Dry” are incomparable for two reasons. First, Push experiments with fresh beats and a split production approach in “It’s Almost Dry” from both Pharrell and Kanye. Second Pusha’s delivery in this album is more broad and experimental than that in “Daytona”. In all, it’s almost dry is a well developed follow up album to “Daytona”.
Honestly, pretty boring. Just didn't stick with me like Daytona did. Also his coke raps are getting old. Rap about something else Push....you're 44, you're not selling coke anymore. We've heard it all, switch it up. Production is solid but nothing push says or does on this album is really impressive. Pretty Bland overall. If i had to pick, Brambleton and Neck & Wrist are really the only tracks that stick and they are mainly due to production.
Legend. Pusha t best album to date easy. Real bars, amazing beat/ production. This the type of music you don't yet nowadays
We can hear Pusha at his best so far. Production from Kanye West and Pharrell Williams completes album as a whole .With Pushas pen game getting better and better i simply can't wait for his future projects.
This album had a lot of expectations on it especially coming after daytona but biy did pusha deliver and deliver so hard,classic beats by neptunes and ye and coke filled bars, hard af,amazing project
WELL GOSH DANG. I waited till I was in the car to bump this one, and yes that was the correct choice... This is a bumps in the whip certified classic. There is not a single skip on here its just ALL heat. Dreamin Of The Past sample goes super hard! Not much else to say tbh, its a STRONG 9 light 10. Better than Daytona IMO. Cocaines Dr. Seuss forever
this album is a clear demonstration of how pushat is an artist without the fame he deserves, he brings intimate thoughts and feelings in a way that you can feel clearly and simply, however complex these emotions are, the production brings a perfect experience for what the album proposes, leaving the listener interested and excited about the songs, by far one of the best projects of the year, if not the best
This album is going to be a staple of the year so far in terms of music, with top notch producing by Ye and Pharrell and features from many artists, this is a classic to be. I love the songs Dreamin Of The Past feat. Ye especially the chorus, Rock N Roll feat. Ye and Cudi which is bittersweet being Ye and Cudi's final track together but is one of th3 best, Diet Cokeand Scrape It Off feat. Lil Uzi Vert and Don Toliver is amazing. I love this album, though some songs like Just So You Remember are a bit weak and some audio is a bit off like Ye's verse in D.O.T.P, I think it could be another homerun from Pusha since Daytona.
Very solid, but a few tracks is lackin’. The highlight for me is Just So You Remember. Track has been on repeat all day.
Vorrei dare a questo album 9.5 però non si può, peccato. Parlando del disco che dire… ottimo lavoro. Nessuna canzone da skip. Produzioni di Ye e Pharrell magnifiche. Pusha T perfetto in ogni canzone. L’unica nota dolente sono alcuni feat, che secondo me non sono all’altezza del disco. Album rap dell’anno? In caso non uscisse quello di Kendrick. Canzoni da ascoltare subito: Hear Me Clearly, I Pray For You e Dreamin Of The Past, ma tutte sono validissime.
A more varied album than Daytona, the inclusion of Pharrell beats gives It's Almost Dry a menacing tone that takes it away from Ye's soul sound. The real achievement there is ensuring the record sounds consistent as it flip flops between producers, but Pusha T never fails.
Pusha continues to show that you can get better with age. With the help of Kanye & Pharrell, Pusha put out a phenomenal follow-up to his critically acclaimed album DAYTONA. It's amazing how fresh his coke bars continue to be. Amazing album!
King Push brings a legendary flow, insane lyricism, and great features like Jay-Z, Pharrell, Ye, Nigo, Labrinth, and more. Pusha T created a hit with It’s Almost Dry, and I think an album worthy of a Rap Album of the Year nomination.
The perfect combination to Daytona Pusha is sharper than ever he is at ease in any situations
Album of the year contender so far. Pusha T raps age like wine, Ye and P did their thing in the producers room. 10/10
I did not like the album at all. It was not good sonically and the production was boring.
Push returns with his insane flow and great production from Kanye (Yezos), and Pharrell WIlliams. Plus a Clipse reunion at the end is awesome and the last collab between Kanye and Kid Cudi.
Brambelton - 10/10 Story telling excellent Let the Smokers Shine the Coupes - 10/10Dreaming of the Past - 10/10 sample heaven Neck & Wrist - 9/10 bravado polish Just So You Remember - 9/10 He's back Diet Coke - 9/10 lead single, Ye samples Rock N Roll - 7/10 cut Cud and Ye pleaseCall My Bluff - 10/10 joker Scrape It Off - 7/10 sounds like a featureHear Me Clearly - 8/10 mixtape song Open Air - 8/10 Pharrell beat beauty I Pray for You - 10/10 epic outro, Clipse back
Production is the some of the best of the last decade. Lyricism is great, as always. Better than DAYTONA.
this album is definitely his best so far with great production and crazy bars. His flow is definitely good but repetitive sometimes, although the album is amazing
Pusha T comes thru with his most accessible solo project but continues to cater to his base.
Follow up album to the critically acclaimed “Daytona” is Pusha T’s most well rounded project! “It’s Almost Dry” has depth, amazing production and of course top tier lyrical content. Definitely in the conversation for AOY.
Pusha T's newest album, ITS ALMOST DRY, is very good. Personally, I still think DAYTONA is his best, but this album could very well pass it for me.
Delivery and production is very solid on this record. Call My Bluff is the most stand out track and the rest never disappoint.
I thought the album was sonically weak. The music and beats were subpar. I am a huge Push fan but this was not a good album.
Another brilliant Pusha T project. Kanye and Pharrell did their best efforts on production on this one. Pusha's masterful coke rap lyrics, great punchlines and raw emotions make this project that good. LONG LIVE KING PUSH.
Milquetoast flows and a handful of spotty production moments and questionable guest appearances sadly hold "It's Almost Dry" back from being all that it could, but the record nevertheless remains solidly engaging and entertaining throughout thanks to lyrics laden with winking pop culture references and the restless, manic energy brough to the album by Pusha T and his collaborators.Choice Cuts: "Let the Smokers Shine the Coupes," "Diet Coke," "Hear Me Clearly [feat. Nigo]," "I Pray for You [feat. Labrinth, Malice and Clipse]"
WOW! Pusha really came for everything, definetly Daytona vibes on this one. Skipless, Pusha brings great featurings and performs the best rap album of the year yet. Let's drink a coke to celebrate that!
Great album, Every song on it is good and you don't skip any songs. Listened to it 3 times through.
It's a good album with a lot of good songs, but I'm starting to wonder, what the hell is Pusha even talking about half the time? He gets a lot of praise for his rapping skills, but to me his lyrics just sort of feel empty.
I like it a lot but it's not better than ''Daytona'', obviously it has an incredible production with Ye and Pharrell.
With the best possible production by Pharrel, and fantastic handpicked features, it's hard to dislike Pusha's latest release. But he still lacks consistency in it's fullest form, certain tracks ironically can sound almost dry at times. Overall, every Pusha T album is worth listening and this is no exception.
Great wordplay. Great production. Coke rap’s best is back. Some of Pusha T’s best work.
I've never been a die hard fan of Pusha but this album was enough to make me decide to stick with him and watch for later releases. Sonically, "It's Almost Dry" goes above and beyond and for me its definitely the high point of this project. The only issue i had was the fact that it wasn't long enough for any significant theme or value to stick with me other than just thinking it sounded great. The lyrics throughout are good at best and meaningless at worse, I'm all for the coke raps but with something this sonically amazing i couldn't help but want something deeper or experimental. Despite that and funny enough i think Pusha pushed himself to open new doors for his creativity with this release and will continue to reach new and unseen heights in his career from this point forward.
Pusha rhyming over Pharrell and Kanye beats its just beautiful. Zero skips on this one
A great album for many reasons. Pusha come back with the bars he had in Daytona, and similar to that album, over great production. Ye and Pharrell both did great. All the features were great, especially Malice. In my opinion, Daytona slightly edges this album.
very enjoyable listen. not as bold as daytona but definitely an experience to listen to
I wouldn't call this album bad by any means, but similar to "Gumboot soup", there is a little something for everyone.Most of these tracks are obvious B-Sides to their previous batch of albums, just like they did on "Gumboot soup". Personally, I would have removed the rap tracks from this record and it would have been an 8.
Not their strongest effort yet, but not their weakest either. Never been crazy about their grab-bag albums, and I wish this had a more cohesive sound, but there’s a bunch of good individual tracks on here.
One of Gizz's best projects. This record effectively covers most things that King Gizzard has been able to create successfully in the past. From Thrash Metal to Dream Pop, this album has something to offer for everyone. In this album, they pull the best elements from their previous works (Infest the rats' nest, Sketches of Brunswick East, Butterfly 3000, etc.) as well as building on new ideas. These new concepts are seen in "Sadie Sorceress" and "The Grim Reaper" where we hear Amby and Mackenzie rapping.Due to how well their previous work has been covered here, this should now be the new record that new Gizz fans/people wanting to get into KGLW should listen to.Definitely top 5 King Gizzard albums, excited to see what else they come up with!
Fantastic and hypnotic album with every track. The first audition takes you by surprise in some parts. Too good! This album is a gift. Another one of those guys.
Personal, revelatory and relevant. Vince at his peak no doubt. Long Beach is a helluva town
The cracks begin to show in the second half as lyrical and musical wheel-spinning begin setting in, but the overall experience delivered by Staples on "RAMONA PARK BROKE MY HEART" is as reliably engaging and entertaining as ever without losing the weighty heft of the deeply personal lyrical themes haunting each song.Choice Cuts: "AYE! (FREE THE HOMIES)," "WHEN SPARKS FLY," "EAST POINT PRAYER (feat. Lil Baby)," "PLAYER WAYS"
Fantastic body of work! Lyricism is on point and features did not dissapoint
I love Vince and this is an example of his willingness to explore more depths of his self and sound.Thank you Ramona Park for breaking his heart.
Some of Vince Staple’s best work in my opinion and personally maybe my favorite project by Vince
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
Billy Woods Aethiopes earns my first 10 this year. This is truly an incredible piece of work that will continue to unfold itself on each listen. Hell, I've listened 15 or more times and I still feel this overwhelming sense of misunderstanding of some of the content in here.... Billy Woods, is clearly an intellectual, and he constantly challenges the listener to want a better understanding of the messages and stories being told...The production by Preservation... WOW. Allow me to detail my experience with the soundscape... In my first 3 listens I felt a slight bit of disconnection by the simplistic and almost empty sounding beats, yet something about them REALLY drew me in. Something within me was making me want to keep revisiting these sounds despite initially not understanding them... Now many listens later, it feels as though I have unlocked something special, and the sonics speak to me on a deep level...Prepare because I am about to make an absurd connection; Much like Bon Iver 22, A Million (one of my favorite all time records), this project REQUIRES the listener to be fully present, and to focus on the soundscapes presented. you must be an "active listener" which lets be honest, is not a priority of the modern day music consumer OR creator.My thoughts fully transformed from, "this is so disjointed and maybe I just don't GET it", to "this is an incredibly moving piece of story telling and mood setting". There is a trope where people my age (20s) might say "I was born in the wrong generation" when reminiscing on music of old... Hate to say it folks, but we are living in the absolute pinnacle of musical expression and freedom to create. I feel lucky to be here enjoying it.Its a 10. favorite songs are Versailles and Heavy Water
Ok album. There are some good songs but they kinda sound like each other & some of them are too short. The features outshine her but at least that helps tell apart the songs. It's still a great debut album & there's a lot of time to improve, there's great material.
I don't mind machine gun kelly and I actually really enjoyed Tickets To My Downfall but this was probably one of the worst albums I've ever heard. I don't know who is trying to appeal to in this album because its so obvious that he is not appealing to the emo scene because everyone in the emo scene hates him because of the cliche and cringe lyrics.
literalmente um dos melhores álbuns que eu já escutei, toda a temática e investimento valeram a pena pq a composição desse álbum é simplesmente genial. machine gun kelly já vem se mostrando um artista incrível com o passar dos anos mas com esse álbum ele realmente provou sua capacidade voa e seu talento como artista e músico assim como seu álbum passado, tickets to my downfall, esse álbum realmente surpreendeu a mim. machine gun kelly vom uma visão diferente e incrível incrível mundo foi responsável por um dos melhores álbuns do ano
Yikes! This is horrendous. Not a single enjoyable moment. Mgk pop punk sound is a soul destroying cacophony with no enjoyment in sight.
The album is completely generic, literally all songs sound the same, and sound awful. Plus, MGKs vocal performance on this album is one of the worst things I've ever heard.
If being a mainstream sellout would make this music sound less like car keys being scratched against a whiteboard, then by all means go ahead and become one.
this guy is 31 years old and makes music for 14 year old kids lol maybe it's time to change genres again
Legitimately one of the worst things I've ever heard. Machine Gun Kelly's singing style is unbearable, plus lyrically he comes off as so insecure, obnoxious and wannabe-edgy on this record that it's impossible to relate to him or sympathise with him. To add insult to injury, it all plays out to the sound of throwaway Blink-182 ripoff instrumentals (sorry Travis, you're wasting your talent here) and some awful guest features. Avoid this one
it’s bad really bad like really bad it’s so bad i don’t wanna listen to music ever again
I've been an MGK fan for a number of years. I don't know what this is, but it isn't MGK. Hot garbage.
There are some nice sounds on the album and it is produced pretty well, but MGK himself is just not very memorable. Lyric-wise very much a bust, and while there are some okay features, that's where the "praise" ends. I am sure it has reached its core demographic: edgy pre-teens. Should they truly like this, and not just because of his faux-edgy persona, then good for them, but I will say that there are plenty of genuine musicians out there who make genuine art and not just noise. Maybe give them a listen.
This album is very middling, the lyrics are more often than not bland, MGK's voice is not very good, the instrumentals go to **** as the album goes on, and there is a lot of unnecessary romanticization (Drug Dealer, Make Up Sex) that really just does not work. The opening is cool but otherwise, this is pretty damn awful.
I brought the album after listening to maybe and loving it so far. A great album which is catchy and is a lot deeper when you listen to his lyrics. This will be on repeat for awhile! Other great track include drug dealer which may be my new favourite track and make up sex with Blackbear to follow up their classic last year
Worst stuff ive ever heard. cliche lyrics, mediocre melodies and just overall seems like it was rushed and not much effort put in. 0 out of 10 would not listen again.
It’s good and very emotional mgk is doing an amazing music and I hope he keep
Tickets To My Downfall is an upper, Mainstream Sellout is a downer, I absolutely loved every song on the album. Probably a tad more than TTMD
Ruim demais! Coragem a de quem consome as músicas desse cara. Achei brega, ultrapassado, chato e intragável.
"Tickets to my Downfall" was definitely a better album, but this one is also good
So MGK brought Pop Punk back to life after many years I heard MGK's previous album and it's quite a spin. So Mainstream Sellout is a cute album. Everything has a lot to say. The lyrics of the song are useless. Hate rap (well I'm a metalist I only hear metal). The album has elements of Emo and Pop Punk and Rap I give a score of 7.7 out of 10 There is a lot to fix besides the album cover
Not even an issue that it's straight up a sellout album, but it's just super bland and generic, a step down from TTMD.
Passable production/musicianship and all of two halfway tolerable songs aren't nearly enough to save "Mainstream Sellout" from living up to its title in the worst possible way, as the subpar vocals, laughably vapid and surface-level lyrics, and refusal to progress/deviate from ultra-basic four-chord song structures offered up here by MGK constitute nothing short of an utter insult to a genre he's proclaimed himself the savior of.Choice Cuts: "maybe [feat. Bring Me the Horizon]," "twin flame"
Mainstream sellout pior álbum do ano, Machine Gun kelly maior vergonha da indústria fonográfica
This is coming from someone who thought MGK's last album was a 3/4. This is not a good album, and I can barely listen to it without cringing.
I don't get the hate for this album, I enjoyed 10 out of 16 songs and that interlude was funny as hell. I would give it a solid 9.3 out of 10.
I think tickets to my downfall was more fleshed out and had a more unique feeling to it with very few bad songs. While mainstream sellout doesn’t live up to those expectations, most of the new album is solid. It’s heavier rock than that alt pop sound that was on tickets to my downfall but overall, every song on mainstream sellout is worth a listen.
Okay so, I might get controversial but who cares, everyone has a right to have an opinion...So, Machine Gun Kelly did an absolute banger of an album! Mainstream sellout sounds a little bit famillar to Tickets to my downfall, but yet it feels like something new. Only thing I do not like is fact that there are a lot of collaborations, but still this is one great album. A lot of mainstream victims will judge this album and MGK and say he is a poser ot smth like that, but no one can say he is not doing the right thing, right?Hope with this album, MGK will wake up more and more pop punk bands and artists.Punk is not dead!
Killing it! Less radio friendly than the last pop punk album ,but definitely more layers.
This album is getting way too much hate, people don't know what they want lmao, first MGK is getting too stale with his rapping, and now he's leaning into pop too much. Personally, I never liked his rapping ever, and this album is a great continuation of his Tickets turnaround. Not quite as good as that album, but still very good
This album is below average at best the production is absolutely terrible mgk lacks range in his voice the songs are structured like nobody cares at all
I'll start with this: I completely understand WHY a certain generation is pushing back on Machine Gun Kelly. He looks, to a certain demographic, like he's trying too hard and it instantly puts a taste in your mouth. That said, as someone who was not only a musician in the underground rock community both in folk rock as a back up vocalist and pianist and in hard rock as a lead singer, the negative reviews on this album and on his first rock album are, I feel, driven in personal view of him overall and not of the actual music. This is not a bad album at all, it's honestly a really solid album that blends pop, punk and his hip hop beginnings beautifully. There's a lot of criticism over his voice from many of the very same people I see praise so many grunge artists of the 90's and 2000's, and I find that really ironic. His voice works perfectly with what he's doing. He sounds, to me, like he was plucked from 90's grunge vocally. Putting that on top of the catchy hooks and the blend of modern day hip hop and punk, it's a great recipe. As a vocalist, I really appreciate that I can listen to this album and physically hear that he's actually working on his voice. The vocals sound a lot more raw than what we got on Tickets to my Downfall, and again, I LOVE the sound of a raw and imperfect punk/grunge vocal on top of these sounds. The music is catchy, it's significantly better both lyrically and musically than the majority of what we're hearing beside it on Top 40, and the sound of his voice keeps it from crossing the line into being cookie cutter. I'll admit, I'd like to hear him spend less time addressing what other people think of him. I do appreciate it, because he sees all of the collective negativity from people in the rock community and it's a big part of his reality right now, so he's addressing it. But MGK does lyrically have a lot more to offer than that based on his previous work, even as early as 2020. If you haven't listened to Pretty Toxic Revolver from the lockdown sessions, you should. That said, there are moments in this album that I feel he's lyrically strong. I loved his contributions to Die In California. Go and listen to his earlier album, General Admission. Imagine that level of lyricism with this sound. I'm actually excited to see that develop. Overall, taking all bias out of it seeing as I'm very aware of MGK's career since about 2010, this album is significantly stronger musically than the majority of what we see in Top 40 charts. To the gatekeepers, I can only say this: there's nothing more annoying or less rock and roll than pretending you need a pass to get there. The more you push back at him while he continues to chart, the more you look like you're whining. There's absolutely nothing Rock about gatekeeping, so stop it. Machine Gun Kelly has always had a lyrical element of "emo" to some degree. He's always been candid about his personal struggles, his addiction and his struggle with depression and suicidal thoughts, and he doesn't stop those confessions on Mainstream Sellout. The same testimony of the same struggles is still there, and it's beautiful to see on an album that's slated for the billboard charts. He tends to get a bit repetitive with some of the vocal melodies on certain songs, Born with Horns and God Save Me sound a little too similar vocally, but I think it's a learning process and I like hearing him grow into this sound. Listen to it in some good headphones, because the production quality is off the charts, and actually listen to the music. It's so much better than what these reviews are reflecting.
After listening to his album multiple times, i can definitely say this is a solid album following the same tracks as what Tickets to My Downfall had, i enjoyed the little taste of rap and thought the lyrics were quite well done. in his next one i would definitely like to see him work on developing the sound further and try and create a new typed album rather than following in the footsteps of tickets, nevertheless great album!
MGK going (again?) through his misunderstood teenager phase and celebrating it. Cringey and sad. Poor writting and generic melodies. Towards the end of the album it becomes clear his biggest inspiration for this project and his new music persona is not actually punk rock, but mumble/emo rap.
This was a dreadful album, but oddly better than Tickets To My Downfall. This album lyrically-wise was awful and cringey. Machine Gun Kelly's "rapping" on this album is horrendous. His features are all weak rappers, Lil Wayne & Willow. None of them deliver a good feature. I couldn't even tell you what genre it is, as it's an insult to rock, and insult to rap and just not poppy at all. I do know that I have very little positive things to say, but I will say one. He does know how to capture attention of people and get free press and ads as a result. Also, some of the hooks are a little catchy. The production overall isn't awful, but very annoying at times. A weak 4/10.
I personally enjoyed this album. I particularly enjoyed "burn with horns", "god save me", and "maybe". The only negative I have is that some of the lyrics used in the album are slightly cringe. The general vibe of the album was 2000s rock. Most of the songs are fairly intense. Not MGK's best album, but I think that it's worth a listen.
It was awsome i loved it sooo so much Great album by Machine Gun KellyRock on baby
this album is just awesome, I am already so hyped for the tour. The album rly gives me good vibes
This is very similar in style to his last pop punk album Tickets to My Downfall. It's got that grungy punk rock sound from the early 2000s with electric guitars playing simple, catchy melodies and Travis Barker on the drums. The sound is somewhat unoriginal and generic and the lyrics are pretty cliche. Some of the tracks can be catchy though.
Matured version of tickets to my downfall, evolved sound, sorta rap version of General Admission. Solid record.
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
Pop-punk flows through every vein of this album with very little change from his last album. Still gets you flipping your head.
Nothing original, basic pop-punk instrumental, basic boring lyrics about how he is depressed or something
Not bad, not super good. There are some interesting tracks such as "Maybe" and "5150". I would like to say that he really smashed the features. Gets way to much hate, just because its MGK
I don't hate it but I don't love it. Not the same way I loved Tickets to My Downfall. Tickets to My Downfall just flowed. Everything felt like it went together to me. I enjoy listening to this album but it is more background music. I don't get into it as much as Tickets to My Downfall.
Technicality wise this one surpasses Tickets however enjoyment wise it falls a bit short of tickets[on the first listen], great album regardless. However, the more i listened to it the more i started liking it. This ones a slow burner. I also saw a lot of ppl complaining about how trash it is, well some ppl are born to hate ig so ignorance is bliss for such ppl i reckon. Hope u enjoy!
This is a great album. Machine Gun Kelly does a great job a following up his last album, Tickets to My Downfall.
MGK's second foray into Pop Punk is fine. It's not quite as fresh as 'Tickets to my Downfall' and treads much of the same ground which leaves it making less of an impact. Thematically and lyrically it's a little edgier, a little moodier which, while not always a bad thing, in this case left me feeling bored and underwhelmed during many of the tracks.Not to say it doesn't have it's own standouts like 'Maybe' and '5150'. However, even these don't quite hold up to the best of Tickets. It's a serviceable album, but far from his best and hopefully he'll bring a bit more fire to his next attempt.
Yeah...ahahagahagagagagagagahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhaahhaahahahahahahahah
IMO I think this was an over-all good album to listen to..... It brings back the old punk days with a little pop mixed in it....
It's not a new sound. This album is the second work in punk-rock category and it's cool. Album has a good tracks like:die in California,drug dealer,maybe,fake love,twin flame,5150,make up sex and sid&nancy. It's only my attitude to this album.
MGK is a predator, in addition to being a horrendous artist- all of his songs feel like he doesn't care at all about making good music and just wants to make as much money as possible.
I don't know how else to say it, but I am extremely disappointed. I want to simp for MGK, I really do. However, I wish he just pulled a Frank Ocean and left us wanting more. I honestly would go back in time to prevent this album from happening if I could. It's so sad--really. He spent the entire album trying to be cringey with his lyrics by trying to shade the "emo gatekeepers." Legit, who cares about these weirdos. If they didn't want to listen to how good Tickets was, that is their problem. They can continue listening to all their old emo bands that have not made a good song in over 10+ years. Do they not realize that Travis Barker is producing these albums? I think I am starting to believe that emo gatekeepers are the equivalent of incels. They liked Blink-182 until Travis Barker decided he wanted to help out other artists' careers by working with them to recreate the old sound. Get over it, Tom Delonge is not coming back to make another Blink-182 album. Anyways, this album was not good. I think he needs to go back to rap and come back in 5 years when Travis Barker has made him another masterpiece of a pop-punk album.
Is it cliche? Yes. It's fun? AF. Does it looks like his predecessor in almost every aspect? Of course. Do I like MGK? No.
It's a nice project to listen to but not better than their previous album,, it's not a horrible album but not a masterpiece.
The Album is loud, aggressive, fast and very 00's.And that's good, imo.Personally, I do not get why it is hated so much.
Couldn’t bear it anymore after 4 songs.Also a friendly reminder that MGK is literally a p3d0ph1l3
This album is both a vibe and lyrical. It is both new school and old school, trap and boom bap. There is enough to satisfy an old school enthusiast as well as a new school listener. The album is extremely cohesive and thematically his best yet; there are only two songs that could be considered even remotely mediocre. Production and mixing is on point. Not too many notable features overall, but the ones that are there are there for a reason and not for numbers. After a dozen or so full listens, this might be my favorite album of all time.
probably one of the best albums of the year and from denzel.See The Future.
Storytelling: 9/10Features: 9/10Instrumentals: 10/10By far, Denzel's best album. On my third listen and won't be my last.
Denzel delivers his best lyrics and flows to date on by far the best production of any record he’s been on. Instant classic comparable to records like TPAB.
Really interesting and dynamic album with no fillers at all. Found is very cathartic yet fun and there are bars for days
Overall great album, denzel seems nire cool and collected than he did on TA13OO, the record has great production from front to back, none of the features do things they are not supposed to do, only criticism is that the JID verse was too short. 9,5/10
Very refreshing and diverse. Great perfomance and production. His lyrical ability got so much better.
This album was the best album of this year and also of the 2020s. The diversity and creativity of this album was amazing. The album was smooth to listen and the transitions between the songs were godlike. Best work Denzel has put out ever. I believe this album will age like fine wine and will be remembered and respected for a really long time.
This is the hip hop album of the year for me and we're not even half way there yet. This album is perfect from start to finish with a blend of just about every style of hip hop you could imagine. The majority of the album feels like a late 90's to early 2000's alternative hip hop album, which is the golden era to me. The production is just perfect on every song, and Denzel just flows so naturally over anything he's presented.
Such an unexpectedly beautiful album. Easily one of the best of the year, hats off to you, Denzel Curry!
Honestly, mostly out of disappointment, I expected quite a jump from Taboo to this. This album has interesting parts here and there and some great rhymes but just not enough for me.
a huge L for an album, never heard of something so mediocure. made me melt my earz and see my past.
Crazy album of the year all killer no filler gg Denzel outdone yourself again bro kendrick disappointed
Denzel Curry's recent long-awaited album. What a blow. Curry always manages to surprise me. Here he did it in one of the most shining way, by fusing many genres and offering a brand new vision of his art and style.There are numerous tracks here that sign a 10 out of 10 record. The single 'Walkin' is a true marvel. Although the production may be a bit repetitive, the song remains noticeable by its beat switch and Denzel's raw and powerful confidence from start to beginning. It is definitely the track that made me so impatient to listen to the rest of the LP. 'Melt Session' is a terrific intro as it allows Glasper to do what he does the best. The fusion between the two artists is amazing. Surprisingly, 'The Ills' is to me another unavoidable track on 'Melt My Eyez See Your Future'. Before that I couldn't even imagine Denzel on such a jazzy track, and the result is ground-breaking. And it goes in a similar way for the song 'Angelz'. This particular track also brings the most powerful bars of the LP in my opinion. In the end it definitely taught us how terrific Denzel could be on lighter, jazzier and piano-driven productions. 'X-Wing' appears as one of the most highlighted piece of this stunning effort. In fact such an instrumental can easily be heard in a Lil Durk or Gunna discography. Denzel also showcases his abilities to surpass them in their own field. 'Sanjuro' sees a bit of an older Denzel coming back to the front of the scene with his rough lyrics and super-heavy presence. Still was a bit disappointed by the one-dimensional presence of 454.Unfortunately there are what I consider to be several let-downs... On the paper I was awaiting a lot from 'Zatoichi' with slowthai but this tracks ended up being one of the one I kept on skipping over and over. I can't get why they compressed their voices that much. Slowthai is well known for his lyrics and flexible vocals, why would ruin such a potential ? I also recently saw on 'Gram that JPEGMAFIA, Denzel & him were ready to form a 'super-group'. Can't wait to listen to their iconic strength together. 'The Smell of Death' also is completely not my type. In general, I am totally not a fan of Thundercat's work and I felt like here he was given way too much room. I mean his vocals are mind-numbing and terrible. Add this with the drafty production and this is how you almost ruin Denzel's presence ! 'Ain't No Way' is honestly worth being on the album. But come on... Why so many (great) artists on just one track ? It feels like Denzel is totally eclipsed of his own project here. His verse, the last, is iconic but I can't wait that long to have decent lyrics and powerful charisma. However he injects clever lines in it, but it was just not enough for me. 'John Wayne' is way too repetitive and off-the-screen to me. Sorry but I disliked (like I rarely do) Denzel's performance on here.In conclusion we can see Denzel Curry shared many parts of the 'Melt My Eyez See Your Future' cake with close friends, but also to producers and artists explicitly known for their own talent. This helped him craft this unmissable effort diverging in numerous interesting directions. It clearly is food-for-thoughts and will remain a major monument to artistry and inspiration. Please keep on going dear Denzel.
Though it sadly falters at times, with several songs falling into repetition or failing to achieve the impact/resonance they could/should have, and is held back from true greatness because of it, as a whole "Melt My Eyez See Your Future" sees Curry deftly demonstrating via tight flows and exquisite, soulful production that he does ponderous and introspective every bit as well as aggressive and upbeat.Choice Cuts: "Walkin," "Mental (feat. Saul Williams and Bridget Perez)," "Angelz (feat. Karriem Higgins)"
What an absolute vibe through and through, but I get stuck listening to those first two tracks all the time. My man's put something addicting into that beat change in Walkin. It's the kind of song that'll make you change what mood you're in when it shifts in the middle. It'll make you schedule your day around the tempo change so you look cool when it happens.I wanna meet this guy so I can give him an approving nod
This album takes the best from Denzel Curry and projects from the last decade.The instrumentals remind me of the gkmd genius. Denzel's most polished and serious project to date.
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Such a well balanced album with slower, mellow, faster, hard-hitting sections blended beautifully together. With only a couple songs on the less memorable side, the rest of Denzels best project shines through with a mixture of different colors.
Denzel killed it with this one. It's a whole journey, you can't get bored for even a second while listening to the album. Lyrically, it's his best work, and production is out of the box too. Probably the best listen of the year for me.
Um álbum incrivelmente consistente, todas as canções do álbum são muito boas, não há falhas, pra mim é o meu 2⁰ álbum favorito do ano (atrás de Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers de Kendrick Lamar) , é uma álbum bem suave e proveitoso, me faz querer explorar mais os trabalhos de Denzel Curry.
The flow and production in Melt My Eyez See Your Future is incredible, as is the songwriting for most of the time. This might just be Denzel Curry's best work yet.
Denzel has always been an insanely talented artist dropping banger after banger and I don't mean singles, I mean whole projects. With debut album 32 Zel/Planet Shrooms all the way through to his previous most recent LP UNLOCKED were all in my opinion insanely good projects, he really pays attention to his craft. But with Melt My Eyez, he completely blows it out of the park, **** the world even. I had never thought it would beat TA13OO for me, but it did, and by a **** lot, and TA13OO was already a 10/10 for me. Denzel is at his prime here. He is way more mature on this album and takes a smoother, jazzier route which we haven’t seen from him before and this is evident on tracks like "Melt Session #1" with production by the great Robert Glasper, and the lead single "Walkin" which he then turns into a harder hitting trap lurch but still keeping that soul feel from the beginning of the song. Track "Worst Comes to Worst" is a hard and harder hitting track which is very reminiscent of previous single "Live From The Abyss". featuring deep bars about institutional problems and his word play is on point here. While this song featured meaningful topics, they dont compare to tracks like "The Last" and "Angelz" talking about the struggles with racism and the complications due to the global pandemic, with the latter about more personal themes like the struggle of validation as he clearly says in the first line of both verses. The best part of the track isn't just the masterfully crafted bars, but the angelic hook from Karriem Riggins which I have never heard of before, but definitely already love them. Their voice is just beautiful and it compliments the track heavily. Now a track that is a completely different style from the other tracks that took a jazzier route, "X-Wing" uses a modern Atlanta beat which can be compared to those chosen that you would see on a Lil Baby or Gunna project. The beat is very well produced (Thanks Darko) and the hooks and verses are executed with such skill. Actually, I can't even say that it was just that song, every song on here was flawlessly executed. The man has undeniable talent and I think it's a shame that people don't talk about him as much and I don't EVER see him get the respect he deserves. Honestly, I could put this near the likes of TPAB and MBDTF. Actually scratch that, I can put them above that, this album was such a amazing experience, front to back, 10 out of 10 across the board. They really paid close attention to detail and I can tell they released a fully finished and polished product, unlike anticipated album Donda 2, or otherwise simply known as mid. Without hesitation, I can easily give this album a 10/10, and completely beating out every other album I have ever listened to. I am excited to see how this man expands because he seems to never have a problem with it and always out does himself in some wayFavourite Tracks - EveryoneLeast Favourite - Impossible to pick one
just utterly gripping in his new found sound, this is surely Denzels best album effort.lyrics and beat selection all so smooth and perfectly blended.
Melt My Eyez See Your Future, is a beautiful piece of artwork, and a logical (Full album) follow up to TA1300.With this project, Denzel solidifies himself as one of the GOATS, by showing us that he can succeed in any and every lane. This project focuses on a generally calmer minded Curry (externally), however this is in contrast with some of his most personal and devastating bars as well...I simply love the cohesive sense of post apocalyptic doom, all while we follow our hero in a Japanese style Western of sorts... The instrumentation and production throughout is just... *chefs kiss, and perfectly compliments Curry's thought provoking and very unique flows/bars.Lets be real, this is the best Hip Hop album of 2022 yet, and I am HIGHLY impressed by the output...Every Songs is my favorite song. Rating this A STRONG 9 to light 10
Denzel Curry's fifth studio album "Melt My Eyez See Your Future" – 8 out of 10.My favorites:"Walkin""The Last""Mental""Zatoichi"~ FürstenbergApril 10, 2022
The Denzel Curry 2022 hype train is highly deserved and I believe it's a top 3 album of the year. Denzel's style is so influential to the rap game and this album proves that Taboo was not a one and done.
goodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgood
This album is possibly the most forgettable album i've heard the only song i remember is zatoichi which i like but the album as a whole falls flat 68/100
Enjoyed 11 out of 14 songs, terrific lyricist, due to some bad producing and choppy music flow though I would have to give it an 8.8 the user score on this one is a little too generous.
Crisp production, introspective lyrics and immaculate flows. Denzel doesn’t seem to miss.
Easily Denzel's most mature album yet, Melt My Eyez takes all the successful elements of Denzel's past projects -- from impressive hooks to premier beat selection to innovative flows -- and combines them to make this masterpiece of an album. Denzel has so many cadences on this album, both old and new school, and the beats are amazing on their own and complement his voice for each flow he uses. Not to mention the complex lyricism regarding power, murder, police brutality, mental health, and other topics that are always prevalent in his music. Basically, if you are looking for an album like TA13OO, this album is not for you; if you are looking for an ever-evolving artist who is not afraid to step out of his comfort zone and change his sound, aesthetic, and cadences for a new album, then Denzel is the perfect artist for you, and this album will amaze you.
This album really flows well from beginning to the end. I think production wise he really experimented natural sounds and it worked out really well for him
Brilliant album with intriguing production and amazing writing. Denzel experiments with new sounds such as jazz with drum and bass, also has a handful of features which all fit their part perfectly.Personally I think this is his most complete and mature album and could possibly be in the running for AOTY.
10/10 Denzel's best album yet, even better than taboo. Currently album of the year for me
Denzel's latest work shows immense growth, both personally and musically. Collaborating with Jazz and R&B greats like Robert Glasper, Thundercat, and Slowthai imbues this work with a natural, organic feel that is rare on hip hop albums of our modern age - a rarity since TPAB. This is easily his strongest work, displaying fantastic production, lyricism, and a thematic cohesion that ties the album together.
Introspektive, raw, fresh, intelligent, spiritual, defining, with a lot of variety, incredible.
denzel doesn't dissapoint, this album is a beautifully crafted masterpiece.
Legendary album denzel snapped on this. 10/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/10
It is a fantastic album that is mellow at parts and also hard-hitting. Denzel has shown us time and time again that he is one of the most consistent rappers in the game.
This is Denzel's best album to date which is saying a lot. Lots of good social commentary mixed in with Zel's excellent cadence & rhythm. Best songs were Walkin, The Last, Troubles, Ain't No Way, X-Wing, Anglez and Zatoichi. 11/10
Great themes, killer performances, beautifully diverse beat selection. You guessed it; this is yet another great Denzel Curry record, and perhaps even his best to date.
This album is phenomenal. It features some of my favorite bars and flows from Denzel. The features work so well. Love T-pains and Rico’s verse the most. Album been on repeat since it dropped. Overall it’s a great album highly recommend.
I liked it a lot but for me it's not better than his previous work, good production but several features didn't really catch my attention, It's an underrated album since maybe they don't care about the charts, but for me it should have debuted higher on the BB200 Chart.
This is one of the best albums I’ve listened to. Very good consistency. Top 3 album of 2022
John Wayne and smell of death sucks. The rest of the songs range from okay to great
Denzel make a album with amazing lyrics and so many strong topics with great production loving this one
What a masterpiece from Denzel Curry! This albumn shows such a humane, vulnerable side of Curry, by far his best work yet.....
Immaculate production and flows. I’m not the biggest fan of two songs however. But the rest is absolute heat, especially the intro track
Denzel brings great flows and lyricism to this album. The production and what is being said makes this his best album.
amazing project, not perfect but close to it. would recommend all to give it a listen
one of my favorite albums right now, theres just one or two tracks that are sorta annoying because of the features.
An introspective an pure project, an amazing listen. Danzel delivers with great hooks amazing flows and thought provoking lyrics, and for me his best album to date.
Continuing the return to form that began with 2018's "Elephants on Acid" as well as returning Cypress Hill to their 420-friendly gangsta rap roots, old-school production combines with timely lyrical themes on "Back in Black" for a listen that's equal parts urgent and playful and serves as yet another vehicle for the flawless Beastie Boys-style vocal interplay between B-Real Sen Dog.Choice Cuts: "Certified [feat. Demrick]," "The Original," "Break of Dawn"
Doper than the 20th of April in Boulder! B-Real and the boys still slapping them tunes like the Fresh Prince on Oscar Night!
If You are a fan, for a moment this albumwill make You sure that You don't age - it's like 90s again.
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Amazing album, great production, but lyrics ain't that great but gets you hyped.
Durk shows his versatility as both a rapper and singer on this project. I love his ability to switch moods and do it all.
Some of the tracks are contemplative, some are more like Durk's usual formula. One of his best releases to date.
Tana talk 4 was exactly what I expected from Benny he has great smooth flowed over well produced beats with great lyrics for a rap fan it is truly and enjoyable listen definitely recommend giving it a listen
Immensely mediocre. I hope Ye doesn't make any albums like this anymore. It's rushed and unfinished. Very low quality album.
very poor album with poor production and a lot of throwaway tracks but does have some positive marks like the tracks we did it kid, flowers, true love, eazy & city of gods
It's clearly unfinished. The best is yet to come. So far there are about 3 or 4 bangers, some unfinished songs and some filler material. It needs another drop. The beats are all good, the lyrics need some work. True Love, First Time in a Long Time, Lord Lift Me Up, Easy and We Did It Kid (this one reminds me of All of the Lights) are great. Future is the weakest link on the album to be honest.
Overall Donda 2 is not a completely finished album. People be trying to hate on it without waiting for the album to be finished. It’s the Miami version at the time of this review and more listening sessions will be held in the future as one is planned in Miami Gardens around April 15th. We should get a more complete album around that time. Anyways this album gives me an “so help me god” type vibe mixed with some aspects of donda and the scrapped turbo graphics 16. I felt that the way Kanye used his beats to convey his mindset and his feelings toward going on in his life. I thought really the Miami version deserves a 6.5/10 but this should improve as the album is completely finished over the next 3-5 months.
Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, Donda, DondaDonda, Donda, Donda, Donda,Donda, Donda, DondaDonda
Es una pérdida de tiempo escucharlo y dedicarle un mínimo de tiempo a este álbum
The album is such a dissappointment I can't even explain it, man. Definitely not worth even checking out. Ye has lost it, the talent is gone, it's just the ramblings of a egomaniac at this point.
Wack. Easily the worst album Kanye has ever released (not even sure it even deserves to be called an album honestly). Not worth the wait.
I miss the old Kanye. This dude is just mentally broken and no longer even interesting. Listening to one of the goats decline is just sad at this point.
I didn't like the album. I didn't like the songs. I didn't like the production.
The album is such a dissappointment I can't even explain it, man. Definitely not worth even checking out. Ye has lost it, the talent is gone, it's just the ramblings of a egomaniac at this point.
a piece of **** like p!nk says. this is the proof that you you must never interfere with taylor swift. bye kanye.
Very poor. What I can say. Where is old Kanye? I hope that enevtually he will be back someday.
The sequel to Donda, this albums hype was mostly fueled by the Pete Davidson/Kim K-Ye feud. I’ll give my honest opinion about the album rather than just straight up hate (like some bozos in here). A red flag for the album already was the fact that it wasn’t dropped on streaming services. Instead, you were forced to buy a $200 music peripheral to listen to the album aka the Stem Player. But you know, it’s not hard to simply rip the files off the stem player or the website and simply upload them to YouTube and SoundCloud. I had to resort to downloading the album and adding it on my local files on Apple Music. Now the album itself, it’s just terribly unfinished. Songs like True Love (rip X), Security, and Sci-Fi sounded like a rough copy with open verses taking up the last 1 min of the song at times. And then other songs just sounding repetitive and boring like Louie Bags (Jack Harlow did his part though will say that), and First Time in a Long Time. The only somewhat solid songs personally were Happy (ft Future) and Flowers. Speaking of features most of em were okay but could’ve been a lot better. But in general the album just sounds unfinished. The mixing in some cases sloppy. There’s instances were the vocals or ad libs are just cut off randomly. In conclusion, I think it had potential to be decent at best. I don’t think it would’ve topped Donda but somewhat better than say Jesus is King. Perhaps with more time to work and perhaps FAR better mixing and editing plus perhaps a streaming release and this album could be a solid 7/10. But, it’s just not good and it’s sad. Ye has been one of the most prominent artists in the game over the last id say almost 15 years and to see an album like this is just terrible in terms of Kanye standards whos well known for being a great producer.
Repetitive, nothing new to be honest, very disappointed, there are better rappers and producers doing better music!
Bye Kanye
Not good. No solid direction. No life. A fruit of recent issues and chaos that make the album worse.
very unfinished.. one of the worst albums from kanye.. everything felt very rushed and lazy.. his msuic is only getting worse
Acredito que o albúm traz muito sons comerciais e pouca identidade. Kanye ou Ye como se chama agora tem se mostrado pouco original em suas canções.
no mucho más que decir a parte de que este tipo no se merece ni el 0 una pena la verdad
Really bad album, all the songs are unfinished and Kanye's verses are just terrible..
Get a hold of yourself. You're a trash, so is your music and entire career.
Donda is an awful collection of ear r@pe but I couldn’t expect him to create something even worse. Kanye you will forever be an overrated m3ntally 1LL joke who only has fans Bc people eat ya a$$ and gas u up for being a “genius” but in truth you’re just a w31rdo.
I am giving a 10 to this only to try to balance the many 0 that people give. Clearly not finished most songs sound like demos, definitily theres some good potencial
kanye da goat no cap. 20 anos de carreira e continua entregando qualidade. as vezes parece ser preguiçoso mas enfim, maior artista vivo
This has album of the year potential once he completes verses and mixing , can’t wait
Donda 2>>>>Donda 1. The only way Donda 2 will improve is if they put the goat Marshall mathers aka eminem on it
Amazing projectI hope it get fixed and finished to shine more and people praise this piece of art
W album yall stay hating. Banger after banger and it ain’t even finished. Fr fye
Stop hating, this album has definitely potential to be on of the best kanye's work
Y’all stop playing with the goat! Yeezy too damn goated! Donda 2 album of the year.
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
Althouhgt i think Ye did the worst decision for his fans and the audience as itself putting this album only on stemplayer, i think the album still works good. In my opinion Ye shows his turbulent side in conflict with his personal life on this album, but i need to admit that sounds like an unfinished album. It could be better, way better, but i think people hate Ye things more than with other artists, for me that's an 6/10.
It's Bad, and I mean really Bad.This Album got terrible Mixing, Lazy Sampling and the Loops aren't looping great,i it basically a draft AlbumI can't get People saying "ooh it got potential" even though if he would fix the mixing, sampling, etc the album will still be boring because all the tracks on this Album are just "oooh divorce" or "oooh I hate Pete Davidson". I know Ye is a talented guy and he deserves better, but just don't bring it out in such an unfinished state.I have no idea if I actually interpreted the obvious flaws because I am not a professional Music Reviewer and English isn't my first language butTD;LR; This was in an unfinished Album and I didn't enjoy it
The album is such a dissappointmentDefinitely not worth even checking out.There is no talent left.
Giving a 0 cause I hate any thing made by this ugly irrelevant **** he needs to retire asap, anyways he tanked
Best album ever pablo is a classic and security is a classic some might say the album is bad just wait until its finished
This is such a sad album release. I can barely listen to this. Bad lyricism, bad production, bad everything. The only pleasant part is the one funny lyric that pops up and the carrying features. Oh, and Kamala Harris' sample is funny. Being a work-in-progress doesn't negate the badness of the album, but even still, it seems barely salvageable. Kanye is a genius, I'll say that, but his decline that we've watched on social media and his music quality is so upsetting to see. I pray for his mental recovery.
I say this is an unfinished album. In my opinion, the best song on the album is Flowers, as I find the instrumental track very catchy. But the fact that Ye himself had an opportunity to put more effort into the album. I feel as If he thought his fans wanted a brand new album fast but he could have had an advantage over that. Like what he did with Donda, he put so much time into the album, he could've done the same for Donda 2 if he didn't do it so quickly, meaning, less effort. When I first heard Donda 2 I thought it would drop later this year or next year... But in a month and a half? I already expected this album to not meet my good rating of it. This could have been a better album if it took him longer.
It's hard not to notice how polar people's reviews are.Seems like You will love it or hate it. No 'in between' option.
It's an unfinished album, so it would be unfair to bash it completely. For the first version, some songs sound ok, while others are just horrible experiences.
Kanye West is not even a musician! This album is worse than **** Kanye West is over party!
Undeniably technically polished with regard to its production and rhyme schemes and admittedly improving substantially in the second half, "Ghetto Gods" nevertheless remains frustratingly hobbled by issues plaguing so many modern rap releases like trap-heavy beats that undermine the record's emotional core, excessive lyrical braggadocio over anything more substantive and a handful of tracks that could've been cut without harming the overall experience, and the greatness that it clearly yearns for is sadly kept just out of reach because of it.Choice Cuts: "Lie to Me," "American Horror Story," "Power [feat. CeeLo Green and Nick Cannon]"
SO glad to be finally listening to this new EARTHGANG after what seemed to be a slightly tumultuous roll out, getting pushed back multiple times…The duo really find themselves in a new space here, bringing their signature psychedelic/creative bars and flows and meeting them with very of the times trap production.All in all this is a very easy listening project and it oozes chill vibes in the best ways… This can be thrown on in the background and folks might just be jamming to it, but if you sit with it and listen in on the lyrics, the experience is much different and I really love that duality...Favorite tracks are GHETTO GODS, ALL EYES ON ME, And SMOKE SUM.My rating is going to be a STRONG 8
I really liked this album. I only just started listening to earthgang in 2021 but I am so glad I did. Though this album strays away from their usual instumental beats to a more trap heavy feel, it's really enjoyable and a great listen.
This album completely subverted my expectations of what earthgang were capable of a well written smooth rap album with great features and a special voice from all members of the group a unique and special rap album
In spite of an incredibly rocky opening track, "God Don't Make Mistakes" quickly bounces back to prove its worth and then some, with Conway's brutally, soberingly frank lyricism sounding right at home amidst the album's brooding soundscapes and greatly benefitting from both his natural power and presence as a performer and smart usages of well-matched guest artists.Choice Cuts: "Tear Gas [feat. Rick Ross and Lil Wayne]," "Wild Chapters [feat. T.I. and Novel]," "So Much More"
This is no surprise at this point, but Conway is constantly pushing his sound and growing as an artist. God Don't Make Mistakes further cements this idea, and sees Conway spitting both his most menacing and most introspective/ self aware bars that we have ever heard from him...Tear Gas is a clear standout with absolute stellar A list features. Drumwork features fellow labelmates 7xvethegenius & Jae Skeese who absolutely FLOAT on this beat. Stressed has some of the most visceral and self reflective bars I've heard all year, and helps give context to Conway as a person. Really no skips...I'm giving this one a STRONG 8 with potential for a higher score as I further digest...
Conway's growth as an artist is deeply noticed in this new project. His self-love and confidence in his bars that seem to fly out of his mouth effortlessly make this an enjoyable and noteworthy LP. As he states in the record, he is more than a rapper, which he definitely asserts as he creates a piece of art. The lyricism and lyrical themes are so deeply cemented in emotions and inspiring. So far, this is undeniably my favorite hip-hop album of the year, and possibly my favorite album of the year, thus far. I hope to see more growth from Conway as he ages and experiences more of the world in his next release.
What a hip hop album! Great beats, great bars! Nothing more you can ask for a hip hop lp!
As a uk rap fan when the genre seems to have a hit a slight low after the highs that Dave,slowthai and little simz gave us with there special albums thes being there of my top five albums of last year this is a breath of fresh air it pushes the boundaries with hard rock soulful singing and great flows and (although some weird lyrics)great lyrical ability this is the definition of a breath of fresh air all of the tracks were done very well a great soulful and experimental rap album.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UeaiNWBM3ks5rA7bHZY8n2uWQS4kCoKAHoFjl2yzMKE/edit?usp=sharing
A very unique and great new venture for Big K.R.I.T. on a well executed and short project.
I'm not one for making reviews, as I'm not great at putting my thoughts into words. However, I have to make an exception for Saba's Few Good Things. Production was a masterclass. Every feature added to each of their songs, yet it was very clearly SABA's project. An absolutely wonderful introspective. It's relatable, yet also so big picture at the same time. I don't believe that there's a track that I'd skip that's on this album. There are multiple songs on this album that made me shed a few tears. Yet, there are so many tracks that are hopeful, and look to the future. Best album of 2022 so far. I can only think of a few detractors for the album: The extremely long pause during the title track should definitely have been shortened or cut out entirely. Also, the "watching my back like my ass gettin' fat" bar was just a wee bit rough. Overall though, Few Good Things is an amazing album that deserves recognition.
Not quite the classic Care For Me was, but still an AOTY contender. Unique mixture of sounds and flows, very few skippable tracks.
It's like chilling on Sunday morning. Good work from Saba, the producers, and the entire team.
Saba comes through with an extremely thoughtful and well considered piece of art here.I am not gonna get in to the content in my review as It will take some time to fully digest, but this is just one of those albums that you know…. You know something special is held within these 47 minutes, and I can’t wait to further explore.I’m giving it a LIGHT 9 / strong 8
An enjoyable Saba album with well written lyrics, decent production and catchy hooks, filled with engaging features. There isn't much to say other than that it is solid, a good piece of artwork, and definitely an album worth listening to.
The record's impact can't help being slightly blunted by a strong sense of familiarity, as there isn't much on it that Saba hasn't done far better already, but the rapper's tight flows and introspective lyricism as well as the soulfully low-key R&B-inflected production ensure that "Few Good Things" remains an eminently thoughtful and enjoyable listen.
This has become my most replayed album this year. I really can’t get enough of it.
Saba on a different level than most! Solid album top to bottom with great features.
Few good things by saba was a really good album, with highlights of production, lyricism and flows, but something was missing from the album, and it was that energy saba put in to care for me.
I feel that my enjoyment of this album, and its actual merit as a work of art, are two very different things...Dope Don't Sell Itself, is sonically pleasing, and the features may as well have been generated by an AI robot... (Predictable, except for the Stove God Feature).Its just that, in terms of concept and or any focused direction... I just don't think its here...I give it a light 7
Though never anything less than serviceable, "on to better things" remains deeply frustrating throughout for how the potential it so often displays in its soulful synths and guitar licks as well as Dior's solid vocals and experiments with genres like R&B and dance rock are just as frequently undermined by tired trap beats and spotty lyrics, though it suggests bigger and better things on the horizon for the rapper once the growing pains subside.Choice Cuts: "is it you," "heavy," "obvious (feat. Travis Barker)," "options," "sinking interlude," "fallin'"
A purely monotonous album. The production is just a wack sad emo trappy beat. Travis Barker saved some tracks from sinking a little bit. I just love how iann dior being so precised on every track by making all of them just less than 3 minutes for the listener to finish the entire album at ease.
This was a boring, monotone album. 37 minutes of listening to the same mediocre emo/soft-rock production, which is bland. Nearly every song feels short and isn't fulfilling. Was really boring. Travis Barker was actually the highlight of the album, which is so rare. The only reason this isn't lower is because these songs aren't that bad, just monotonous. I wouldn't hit skip on this album, but I am never voluntarily listening again.
This album was phenomenal from start to finish. Earl did a really good job with this project. The replay value for this album is extremely high for me easily. There was not a single track on this project that i didn't like at all.
Earl sweatshirt
Another modern masterpiece in the making, the generally abrasive, off-kilter style of "Sick!" both lyrically and musically certainly won't be for everyone, but those on the same wavelength as Earl will find a record every bit as urgently, fascinatingly restless and chaotic as the social and political turmoil of the last two years forming the core of its inspiration.Choice Cuts: "2010," "Vision (feat. Zelooperz)," "Tabula Rasa (feat. Armand Hammer)"
Absolutely unbelievable. This could perhaps be Earl's strongest project to date. Everything from the introspective and dark lyrics, the masterful production and even features just blow me away. It's been amazing to watch Earl grow as artist and this has just elevated his legacy further
it was not that great for me. apart from "vision" and "tabula rasa" the rest of the album seemed a little too chaotic to me, lacking cohesion and purpose.
My first look into Earl Sweatshirt and honestly it's a pretty solid album. I guess my problems with it though is that a lot of the songs are rather short and Earl comes off as lazy on some ot them. Other than that, this is a solid first impression
I think to be really into this album, u gotta love the more experimental and abstract bursts of creativity and conscious rhyme that Earl is influenced by. Things like MF Doom, A Tribe Called Quest, MIKE, Billy Woods etc. I found this album a lot more catchy, chaotic and enjoyable than 'some rap songs.' But I also found it more sparse and somewhat incomplete. There isn't much hip-hop/rap out there that quiet sounds like this, that dense/scarce and rusty sound. (almost industrial) It's unique is somewhat messy. I still dug this album, tho. I wish this maybe had more to it, tho.
Yes sir, think I already feel it, Sweatshirt cause you know how revenge is best served.
This album is masterpiece. Only minus is that this album is too short. But maybe if this album was not short it wouldn't be so good.
It starting to look like Earl is one of the best rappers in terms of discography quality of the new generation.The lyrics, the delivery, the beats... everything on here is simply phenomenal. It's been just 3 days since the album dropped and I already heard it l10 times front to back. Amazing.
There isn't much else out there that sounds like this. Much easier to listen to and much more relatable than his past work. Sick! is one of Earl's strongest projects to date.
I think it was a pretty decent and enjoyable of Earl Sweatshirt. The album has this experimental essence that Earl has been into in his past projects. Favorite songs: 2010, Titanic, Sick! and Vision.
Earl returns to the rapping scene with yet another thought-provoking album. However, this one feels like more of a victory lap than his other projects have; it's nice that Earl's mental health has become much better since we last saw him on a project.The projects have the same looping sample instrumentals that can be very polarizing at times. As for rapping, he is still in his element. The wordplay may not be as deep as albums like Some Rap Songs, but the more mainstream and laidback direction of the album makes it so that isn't necessary. The features also support this style that he goes for, and complement tracks well. I thought that the Zelooperz feature might have been one of his best verses.Overall, this album has a mix of everything. It's Earl's way of branching out to the mainstream in his own style, which is comforting to see. There are more trap-like beats than we've ever seen from an Earl tape (if we've ever seen any at all), while there are still songs that speak to his emotions and mentality like Fire in the Hole. This might be his most accessible album other barring the self-titled project, and it marks another point in Earl's development as both a musician and an artist.
Sick! isnt as cohesive as SRS, but it’s an improvement over Feet of Clay. Starts strong and ends strong, and Earl’s flows/beats are as exciting as ever!
Earl has a more tuned and clear approach from the plate mash productions on feet of clay. I'm totally impressed and lovingly immersed in this new direction
Sick! is easily the most accessible listen out of Earls current discography, but that's not saying too much...That being said, I thought the direction of this project worked super well, and its a highly enjoyable listen for those who like a more unorthodox approach to hip hop.The features and the beats are FANTASTIC, I especially like the Armand Hammer song...I guess I wish for a more conceptual and full project, while this feels almost more like a mixtape...I rate it a strong 7 to a light 8
Earl Sweatshirt's "SICK!" is an intense, packed pure rap album with a superb production, smooth transitions and precise, sharp and direct lyrics from Earl.In just 24 minutes Earl shows us all his poetic and musical skills in an authentic, direct way. The album is so good that you wish it was twice as long. Earl Sweatshirt at its finest – 8 out of 10.My favorites:"Vision""2010""Titanic""Fire in the Hole"~ FürstenbergFebruary 13, 2022
Bro! Earl's sick! This the best music I've heard in a while, it doesn't feel forced
Amazing album like always from Earl, one of the best when comes to lyricsm and production in the rap game.
It's OK, great beats, good lyrics but some flow issues so i feel it's overrated.
A pleasant album with good lyrics and delivered a great message. It is clear Earl has talent, though it could've been better. There were some boring parts and it was way too short.
Good album. Few songs like sick made it what my review is. Could have been better
Some of Earl's best songs yet are in here. However, that's paired with some of the most boring songs he's ever made (I'm looking at you Titanic and Sick!). The lyrics aren't as immediately impactful as SRS either. And the most important thing that makes this album worse than SRS is the lack of a "Riot!" to tie what otherwise just sounds like a compilation or mixtape together.
He is clearly talented and has potential but, to me, he is just not showing it. It's weird because we all can hear that he is trying and the media keeps telling us he is great but 2 albums in and it isn't showing. The issue, to me, is that he comes off like he is trying to be dope as opposed to just being dope. The project isn't terrible but I just feel like je should be better.
Striking tone and self-confidence oozing from the first tracks, especially the four first ones. They blend perfectly into each other. The production is terrific concerning these four tracks but manage to remain gorgeous until the end (with few let downs however). It succeeds in its engaging proposition to offer several atmospheres and varied soundscapes.Speaking about Cordae's tone, it sadly becomes repetitive as it lacks in versatility. I guess that is why he chose to welcome so many featured artists. And I have to admit that most of them match with Cordae deep, colourful and rich lyrics. H.E.R.'s vocal range was not that good but her presence underlines the fact that female voices could provide promising results with Cordae's work. Lil Wayne's verse was lit, Gunna only does what he knows to do in 'Today', Stevie Wonder's performance on 'Champagne Glasses' is just marvelous and Eminem's presence is iconic on this weird two track-long second disc.I will patiently be waiting for more to come on Cordae's side.
Though a perfectly enjoyable listen thanks to consistently immaculate production throughout and Cordae's intimately introspective lyricism working more often than it doesn't, "From a Bird's Eye View" is held back from true greatness by hokey bars, subpar flows, blatant chart-chasing and a distinct under-usage of the rapper's all-star guest collaborators popping up across and unfortunately weighing down several of the record's centerpiece tracks.Choice Cuts: "Momma's Hood," "Today (feat. Gunna)," "C Carter," "Chronicles (feat. H.E.R. and Lil Durk)
Didn’t think he could actually outdo his debut and here I am being proven wrong
Album isn't bad at all, but at some parts it feels generic and boring. But despite that problem, the rest of the project is really listenable. Favorite songs: Super, Jean-Michael and Sinister.
The skills are ALL there for Cordae. He has great flow, and a great tone and I have no doubt that he will continue to grow in to a very mature and popular artist with time...This album displays a lot of that skill, and finesse, while also exposing some of the short comings of the artist. The truth is... the delivery/ display can sometimes come across as just generic or plain...I look forward to the progression, if Cordae does in fact stay in the game for as long as he wants (As he says on this record).I'm giving it a solid 7PS shout out the TechN9ne name drop on Sinister
This is a very good listen that I highly recommend to anyone in the market for a more nostalgia rap style. This is the first project of his I have listened to, but it is a great first impression album. At the time of writing this I have not listened to any other work he's done. The beats and flows on this album are a very good vibe and I see myself returning to this again. The worst song here imo is "Today" with Gunna, not the biggest fan of Gunna but regardless this is still a good track 5-6/10 at worst. The best track here is Jean-Michel.
Versatility, vocals, and solid features are all on this amazing album.Big step up from The lost Boy album which was a great debut album as well. Cordae is solidifying himself as a future great im the rap scene.
Such a nice album, from start to finish. Lyrics, beats and story all go so well together. Very clever bars and beats. The features are perfectly picked for every song.
Cordae is a strongly underrated rapper. I admire his lyricism and talent. There were so many great cuts on this album. Criminally underrated. As of now, it is my favorite hip-hop album to be released this year.
Some bangers here and there but overall, the album is incredibly boring and hard to sit through in my opinion
How many other lifeless generic trap albums do we need in this world? 20 tracks of ultra-basic 808s and mumbled emptiness
Hit-Boy & Nas are 3-3 can’t wait for KD3! Nas said he was in rare form. He wasn’t lying!
Nas is in his second prime. He shows why he's the best rapper in the game right now.
That's what Rap used to sound like, good old beats with some old school flow.I love literally every second of this project.
Stop playing with Esco at damn near 50 years old still sounds hungry like he’s not already top 5. Im sorry but Idk if Wayne can’t make mature material like this or 4:44. Nas showing all his kids why’s he’s top 5 i guarantee most of these rappers won’t be rapping like this at 50
A palate cleanser ahead of the upcoming "King's Disease III" more than anything else, "Magic" can't help but feel less essential by comparison as a result but remains perfectly enjoyable and more than recommendable regardless for serving up another round of vintage beats and buttery-smooth flows courtesy of two master artists in full command of their craft.Choice Cuts: "Ugly," "40-16 Building," "Hollywood Gangsta," "Wu for the Children"
This album is incredible start to finish. The 3rd one is the best one so far from these 2. KD1 was a good album. KD2 was a great album. I think this one will evolve to classic status. Short and straight to the point. 10/10
The album Is Raw, way different from KD but both Masterpieces in their own right and still Amazing, KD is like Nas showing you more versatility like 96-98 MJ whereas on Magic Nas is Crossing you up and dunking on your neck like 91-93 MJ lol very different and this definitely feels like a Winter type Album cold AF
Refreshing album that is probably released to feed the buzz, with an amazing production as usual from Hit-Boy
Magic sees Nas come back to form, giving us 2000s energy with a 2020’s mindset smooth flows gripping Beats. Hitboy has been a pillar the wand to Nas’s sorcery.
After Illmatic and Stillmatic, Nas entered to his second prime time with his new masterpices KD1,2 and finally Magic
I’m so glad they decided to give us this album. Nas is hungry and HitBoy is on Point. 10/10
Classic Nas Record. Haven’t left my rotation since it dropped. Replay value is good. Nas sounds 25
I like the gritty soul that magically overlaps NaS's historical bombastic rhyme scheme. At NaS's age, he still sounds like a young rap arson that loves to blaze the industry with verbal flames.
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Really flat album. Instrumentals don’t play well with Roddy’s flows and lyric quality is questionable. Unfortunately a step down from PEMBAS
Unfortunately, Roddy Ricch's second studio album "LIVE LIFE FAST" is a clear step down compared to his debut and nowhere near as innovative, versatile and personal. Sonically, it is characterized by obtuse, same old 808 beats that hardly stand out from the mainstream.Lyrically, the album is not as different and strong as "Please Excuse Me for Being Antisocial", what even the feature guests, which by the way also have room for improvement, do not change. Overall, "LIVE LIFE FAST" is a pretty average rap album on which Roddy Ricch has definitely not exhausted his potential.My favorites:"moved to miami""don't i""25 million"~ FürstenbergMarch 20, 2022
:neutral-face: :neutral-face: :neutral-face: :neutral-face: :neutral-face: :neutral-face:
The latest Rick Ross album is his best yet.. The beats of the songs are very superb and there are no samples of existing songs in it. The production quality of the track is top notch and of high value. As for the vocal color of the games, it's impressive with the various collaborations with other rap artists.Overall, this is Rick Ross's best album and one of the best of 2021. I highly recommend it to hardcore rap fans and fans of Mr. Ross in general.
This posthumous album from Juice Wrld features 16 tracks that would make any rap fan happy.. The instrumentation does it's job very well while the vocal color real shows (Jucie Wrld was recording most of the songs on this album before his untimely death). As for production quality, it up there with the likes of Tupac and Dr. Dre.Fighting Demons is a great album, but it is better to a fan of the late artist.. I highly recommend it.
perfect[ adjective, noun pur-fikt; verb per-fekt ]adjectiveconforming absolutely to the description or definition of an ideal type:a perfect sphere;a perfect gentleman.
The production is weak, frankly. I find the lyrics boring - actually nothing like Juice Wrld's past work. It brings into account the full authenticity of the album. It feels rushed, and there are far too many features. Jumping on a track with a dead man feels wrong. To profit off of their work and name. The album was not cohesive at all. Just a bunch of features to boost the mediocre music.
Dispite not reaching the hights of it’s predecessor, fighting demon is still an good album in its own right with songs such as “already dead” being very emotional listens.
Juice WRLD Fighting Demons: It’s about time this album came out. Sorry I’ve been gone haven’t felt any inspiration but I’m back so let’s review this amazing album. This is one of my new favorite rap albums of all time with some of my favorite songs starting the album with Burn one of the best songs Juice ever recorded, then it’s Already Dead again one of my favorites I’m just going to list my favorites. Until the Plug Comes Back Around, Relocate, From My Window, Not Enough, Feline, Doom and Rockstar in His Prime they are some of my favorites tracks, there are also some tracks that have Eminem and Juice speaking I don’t know what to really say about them. But the most disappointing song was Go Hard all the hype that is was going to be the first single for Party Never Ends and it’s just not very good, the worst song is with Suga from BTS don’t get me wrong the Juice verse fantastic but when Suga comes on it ruins the whole track it’s terrible. Overall for his second posthumously album it’s great just could have done without Go Hard and the Suga verse you could have put Life’s a Dungeon or Billy Idol. Ranking Amazing.
A great posthumous album from Juice WRLD.Although not as good as his previous albums, this is still really good. I am not a big fan of the label, they have made many mistakes like scrapping the Outsiders, etc. but I still think they are doing a good job for his 2nd posthumous album, I am still so sad since I couldn't ever meet Juice and we couldn't witness him get to his full potential.
boring, lowsy beats thrown together by label who's trying to cash in on juice's success, make this a soulless boring project that's easily juice's worst
This is a very polarizing album to cover as Juice Wrld has been unfortunately not with us for 2 years now and is still having music released which to some is seen as controversial. I do think that the production of Juice's latest songs are to put it lightly, absolutely horrendous and flat out lazy. This album still disappointed me though as we got not much to take it. There are a lot of songs but I only seem to enjoy just a few. I really wish this is a close for Juice's music as it's just getting bad. I reccomend Already Dead, Wandered to LA, and Rockstar In His Prime
Painfully generic and boring album thrown together by his label. His worst easily, do not recommend
Two years after his tragic death, Grade A and Interscope decided to release Juice WRLD's fourth (and second posthumous) album "Fighting Demons" – which indisputably has a negative connotation. Commercial intentions aside, Juice takes us on a personal, painful and emotional journey.On lonely melodies he addresses depression, anxiety, addiction and the struggle with drugs. Unfortunately, both the lyrics and the production itself are very monotonous, boring and weak. The beats don't stand out at all and are quite lousy. Overall, it's hard to imagine that we would have gotten to hear this music if Juice WRLD was still alive.My favorites:"Already Dead""Wandered to LA""Feline"~ FürstenbergMarch 30, 2022
eu te amo juice so p deixar no perfil so p deixar no perfil so p deixar no perfil
FD is JW's worst album. There are a few amazing tracks like Burn, Sometimes, Cigarettes, Go Hard 2.0, and Not Enough. But the rest is bad. Mostly the production is bad and honestly some of the songs just aren't good lyrically and vocally. I am extremely disappointed in this album.
And still undefeated: JPEGMAFIAAnother record showing immense growth in Peggy’s immaculate songwriting and production abilities. This record is certainly up there with some of the best records JPEGMAFIA has ever released.
The offline version/real version is excellent, Peggy doesn't miss on this thing, very creative and of the highest quality. JPEG at his finest
Hazard duty pay got me like
'LP!' is an adventure for the ear. This record is modern, experimental, addicting, catchy, and fun. JPEGMAFIA's flows on 'REBOUND!', 'OG!', and 'CUTIE PIE!' really get your head moving and pulls you into the song. The only downside to the album to my opinion is the mixing and mastering of some of the tracks. The bass can be overpowering the vocals or vocals can be too quiet and drowned out. Other than that, this is a great record that I would love to see win awards.
This album is utterly disappointing, I expected nothing less. Love Peggy. 10/10
A fantastic album full of interesting samples, great beats, and awesome bars from Peggy
Holy this album bangs. Every song is great. Hazard! Duty! Pay! Is Peggy’s best work yet. He pulls out all the stops in the production. Man I’m so envious of his talent.
this album is so **** good omg peggy makes the goofiest beats ever and goes crazy on all of them this **** is insane
Thug is proven to be a man of many talent and has come a long way from his mumble beginning. This is the best and most raw we have ever heard this artist since Beautiful Thugger Girls in 2017. This album is at his peak portfolio and I believe were not even close to the peak of his career. Best Songs: Love Me More, Hate The Game, Faces, Bubbly, Livin it Up and Day Before.
punk is literally so amazing as a body of work man. it’s calm, it’s cohesive, the instrumentals and lyrics are amazing, great one liners here and there, all the features did great and young thug is rapping and performing vocally at the highest level. a solid 10
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Even though it's great to hear his story finally clearly in detail, it feels like it wasn't necessary; like I already knew all of this. Didn't tracks like Constantly Hating, or Take Kare, or even Stoner tell his story already? but not exactly with words, rather with the music. It seems to ruin something that was beautiful, if I ever believed in the idea that art can be ruined. And the presence of poppy dance tracks makes this an official mess.
Young Thug pursues his journey in fusing genres. If the first tracks surprised me by their lyrical and emotional content, I have to admit the rest kind of falls apart. Young Thug didn't do the effort to craft something meaningful from start to end. He just spits interesting bars here and there without adding decent context. However the hole product manages to shine by is amazing overall level of versatility. 'Punk' clearly benefits from terrific guitar strings, great vocals and colourful instrumentals (by the way 'Rich Ni**a Sh*t' is an absolute Pi'erre Bourne banger).Obviously Young Thug can't help but add more and more featurings. I mean sixteen separate featured artists for a twenty-track long album, am I the only one shocked here ? It's more a photography of Thugger's friends by the time he released his album rather than meaningful verses and collaborations at this point ! And unfortunately some verses and approaches totally miss their point, it was the case for 'Icy Hot' (terrible vocal performance), 'Insure My Wrist' is just the perfect example of terrible braggadocious, and adding two posthumous artists was not the best choice Thugger has ever done in music. Don't make me introduce you to Young Thug but if you dislike mumble rap, just go listen to something else because you are going to hate this project.
Album is pretty mad. The fact that its more of an introspective one makes it unique and is a good step forward for Thug in terms of trying new things in his music. Of course not everyone will rock with this album, but for me at least, I enjoyed it a lot and respect it as a project.
Deserves a solid 10. Not only does Young Thug try something new, but he does it perfectly.
Young Thug's "Punk" is a huge surprise. Unexpectedly versatile and new and in some places very quiet and soulful. Thugger processes a lot and you get the feeling that he gets rid of something burdensome from his heart. Strong feature parts and a very well tuned production make "Punk" an above average hip-hop record.The second half of the album weakens a bit and the songs struggle to stand out from each other, which is why it only results in a 7 out of 10.My favorites:"Bubbly""Stressed""Peepin Out the Window""Insure My Wrist"~ FürstenbergJanuary 23, 2022
An album that displays both his strengths and weaknesses.On this album donny goes more to a calm r&b sound instead of the loud trap sounds.(some of those type of tracks are on here as well).The strength of don toliver is his amazing voice , not that his singing is incredible , but his voice is very unique. It can instantly make you hooked in to the track. Shame that he uses a bit to much autotune on some tracks.The production is outstanding but i do feel like tracks like bogus carry don toliver a bit to much.(still slaps though).His r&b songs go from boring to interesting, double standards is the only song with real meaning i think but i couldn't care less what he has to say. Which displays another weakness and that is his lyrics which sometimes are even cringy.Swanging on westheimer feels a bit long and boring at first but is probably the best r&b song on here if you listen to it more.I want to see more hard trap bangers because right now don toliver is the best at those. He already said that he wants to lean more in the r&b lane but he will need improve a lot to be succesfull in that lane. You is another interesting track with some amazing vocals and melodies. But it kinda lost some replayability over time.Top 5 tracks:- what you need- way bigger- swanging on westheimer- 2am- bogus/ youworst tracks:- get throwed- company pt 2- xscape
Life of a Don showcases just what Don Toliver can do with a euphoric instrumental. He shows that the hype surrounding his feature on "DONDA" was true and real. Life of a Don from start to finish is a great listen and has excellent production!
mid albumThere is no something new like in moon track from donda with don toliver
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Epically crafted and sounds of euphoric trap, Life of a Don is Don Toliver at his new high point. Better than Heaven or Hell and the features were very unique. Best Songs were 2AM and OUTER-SPACE w Baby Keem.
Don Toliver's second studio album "Life of a DON" showcases both the Houston artist's strengths and weaknesses. Besides catchy and slick hooks, there is a decent mix of chill hip-hop and loud trap. Strong production with good instrumentals and dope beats - or as Donny would say "hella melodies".Don Toliver makes an interesting development compared to his debut album "Heaven or Hell". Unfortunately, there is a lack of deeper meaning in his lyrics, which are sometimes hollow. Songs like "Get Throwned" or "Company Pt 2" seem like gap fillers and show Don Toliver's weaknesses.Overall a good Hip Hop record, which can be perfectly listened to for late night chill or drive sessions.My favorites:"Flocky Flocky""Swangin' on Westheimer""5X""What You Need"~ FürstenbergJanuary 26, 2022
Fire album. Good job meek. Love the experimental tracks he did. Everything you love about meek on here.
Very generic trap album with stolen flows and melodies from lil durk. Meek should have just quit rap after drake bodied him and went to philly to perform back to back.
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
Brilliant album, good reflection of his emotions with a lot of bops. good tracks are expensive pain, on my soul, the track with vory
SIMPLESMENTE P E R F E I T O. O álbum do ano, sem sombra de dúvidas. Amei mais que tudo
The most amazing rap album from 2021! He does it amazing!!! Love him! So deep and funny!
Montero is a really well producted album. Lil Nas X proves us to be more than a meme, but and artist here to stay and a beautiful person with deep sentiment and struggles. Really strong chorus in almost all the songs. All the songs are enjoyable to listen to. However, sometimes the lyrics can be improved.
Absolute bops. Amazing marketing that pissed off conservatives (very good form of entertainment) and really helped LGBTQ people, including myself, accept themselves and feel proud of who they are. Amazing features too btw, shame Elton didn’t sing but he absolutely slayed the piano tho.
After years of hiatus, that's what pop needed. Extremely extraordinary. You won, Lil nas X. You know you won!
Best Album of the year hands down. Every song has a great arc and it ties to the main message of acceptance.
This music is genuine crap. It's filthy trash designed to shock with little musical design. Lil Nas X's music is mediocre as always.
for me the only song worth returning to is the singles. the other songs were eh
Melhor álbum da minha vidaaa, nasceu pra ser aclamado. Amei o rap, os feats, as músicas, arrasou
Génial, aucunes musiques ne déçoit, c'est un album rempli de bop, un plaisir à écouter en entier
With this album Nas really proves he deserves a place among the greats!!!!!! Aoty for sure.
loved it!! lil nas x serving one of the best rap/pop albums of the century.
um álbum incrível: letras profundas e inesperadas, feats sensacionais e produção no ponto
"MONTERO" truly lived up to my expectations, and I might even say that the album even surpassed them. As a debut album, this is truly impressive!Favourite tracks: "Montero (Call Me By Your Name"), "Dead Right Now", "Industry Baby", "That's What I Want", "Sun Goes Down", "Void", "Don't Want It", "Life After Salem" and "Am I Dreaming".
This is literally the best album of 2021 and I'm so proud of him. MONTERO for me represents freedom, the effervescence of being yourself, the sincerity and at the same time the mocking responses to the terrible criticisms of being lil nas x. He's a pure genius and this album has no skips!! I hope to meet him someday cuz i love this man!!
Good job Lil nasX so good yee so fan cool and big premier woow Im crazy because I see this song
An incredible debut album, with a lot of contagious choirs and beats. Incredible feats and a structured massage beyond.
On song 11 and I've made the decision. Lil Nas X has been cooking this up for too long and it came out like a good ass steak on a Saturday, or like the adrenaline after going down the steep part of a roller coaster.
I'm specially impressed by Life After Salem, Dolla Sign Slime and Dead Right Now, the album is fire and super personal, it definitely lived up to expectations.
An incredible album! This is pure art, Lil Nas X is a real artist. Kanye and Drake fall short after this album. I already loved Lil Nas, but this album was beyond my expectations. This deserves Album Of The Year, no doubt. I thank you, Lil Nas X, for everything you do, the hardwork you invest in every song, this is so beautiful, vulnerable, honest, and ICONIC! I can see the charts filled with Lil Nas. Every song is a full new experience, and at the same time they are all related. This is what an album must be like.
he is the moment, every track on the album have a story and raw emotions behind them. certainly AOTY .
Unique all around. The build up to release, the teasers, promotion, videos, and hype around the album was lived up to. The album consisted of 14 full tracks (minus the Art Of Realization as it isn’t a song) and none of them disappointed. From songs that could get you emotional: Tales of Dominica, Void, Am I Dreaming, and One of me— to hype songs like: Dolla Sign Slime, Industry Baby, and Don’t Want It— all songs came together to form an unforgettable and memorable album.One of my favorites this year.
Love "Am I dreaming", "Void", "Tales of Domenica"...Cant wait for the Deluxe Edition with Sam Smith, Kid Cudi. Chears...
It is a varied album, it has different interesting rhythms but all focused on trap and r & b,
never been a fan of lil nas but this new project he released has me literally pissing, **** and cumming.
The album is really good, its a mix of happy and sad songs, everything for everyone. His voice is really good, the beats are great, lyrics are great and the fact that every song has a music video is awesome. Really good album worth all the hype!
There’s nothing special or revolutionary about this album. It’s weird that all these critics keep calling it a rap album when there’s barely any rap on it, it’s clearly a pop album and should be rated as such, it’s also weird that Metacritic won’t show the user scores
Not a really big fan of rappers, but this man has everything to succeed. He mixes style, profound lyrics and sticky sounds. I absolutely adore Montero and the transition from the first six tracks, to the rest of the album is magnificent. Mature and beautiful, this first baby is incredible.
The wait was indeed worth it. This album is filled with music that transcends genres. What an amazing debut album from a talented individual. Can’t wait for to watch him explode.
A great album, a great production and great features for the songs, all the thematic matches with the lyrics, and the rythm its so good. Definitely the AOTY. Thanks as well to Elton John to produce 4 songs, those are for me the best songs of the album, well produced and great vocals. "Life After Salem" is from another world, incredible song. Montero has wrote his name on the hip-hop industry with golden letters.
Album of the year! Lil Nas X once again surprising everyone, we need to recognize him
É de longe um dos melhores álbuns deste ano, perfeito do início ao fim, merecido as notas positivas!
Es un álbum increíble, los ritmos, las letras todo me gusta, realmente lo recomiendo
This album is awesome, its like a travel between the reality and the fantasy, I loved it
Straight 9 for this, every song is amazing but ONE OF ME, the one i expected to be the best, was really silly, i expected Elton John to be the feat of the year but he didnt sing, and this wasnt my biggest disappointment, the chorus feels like a kids song, but still, an amazing album.
Un-ironically at a loss for words. He has grown from his EP days. This album serves as a catalyst for change within the music industry. He’s paved the way.
the best male rap album of the year, aoty for secure. sounds, vibes, style, amazing.
Basic and repetitive album. His voice is irritating in some songs. Scoop is frustrating.
Com certeza um dos melhores álbuns do ano! Lil Nas X entregou tudo que prometeu pra esse novo álbum. Os singles já lançados mostram uma sincera linearidade com todo o resto do álbum, enquanto o single oficial e "Dead Right Now" prometem ser os novos próximos sucessos! Sem esquecer de destacar "Am I Dreaming" com Miley Cyrus que entrega vocais perfeitos e um ótimos desfecho.
Definitely one of the best albums this year or the best album this year. He showed that he just doesn't do stuff for the charts or TikTok. He also got deeper than most rappers out right now. He showcased his vocals as well as rapping skills. You can say he proved haters wrong!
this could be legit the best album of the year so far, and we're talking about his debut album. this is flawless, lil nas x is already remarkable and iconic.
O álbum está simplesmente incrível, Lil é a maior diva pop atualmente e só minha opinião importa
Sobrevalorado!!!! Definitivamente no siento que el álbum sea rap, solo trata de ser extravagante sin ser diferente a otros que quieren llamar la atención.
Fez o que muitos artistas não conseguiram, não tenho palavras pra falar sobre a perfeição desse álbum. Merece AOTY!
just so good! i wasn’t sure at first because i wasn’t a fan of his earlier work but this is such a cohesive project y’all need to listen for sure!!!!!
Se siente como un reciclaje de álbumes de Frank Ocean & Miguel pero siendo demasiado básico y genéricoCreo que es un intento de rapero y estrella pop pero falló en el intento por que suena como el ruido de una licuadora es desesperante y llega a ser fastidioso todo el tiempo.
The wait was worth! And the antecipation Made It better. The montero show on YouTube together with clips Made It better, truly an event!
amazing wow la verdad está muy guapo, me ha sorprendido y tiene cada temazo que amén jaja
esse álbum está simplesmente incrível, sem mais palavras apenas apreciação.
This album is so good I didn't skip a track I love it so much wowI didn't know he could sing like this omg
Amazing, spectacular, never the same, completely not ever been done before, totally unique.
Definitivamente um dos melhores álbuns dá história e do pop moderno. MONTERO consegue entregar tudo e mais um pouco, sendo aclamação universal. AOTY, com certeza.
Really bad ☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌
Let's be honest. This is a great album. Not repetitive at all, catchy and with great colabs.
Man this just disappointing & feels like da case where publicity & fan riding taking forefront & actual music & quality takes backseat. Production is downright bad & don't even ask abt vocals on this one. Looks like the rave reviews are just based on his appeal & social media points to get clicks
Not only an important moment in music and an important moment in queer culture, but a flawless, sonically-diverse debut album - it soars in its upbeat moments and its softer moments. Triumphant, charismatic, honest, innovative, brave, and introspective.
It's not TERRIBLE but it really does not hit the mark for me. It is radio friendly, but has little to no substance.
AOTY, nenhuma música ruim ou mediana, só hits!!!Produção excelente e superior ao ep de estreia.
The album is a cultural reset and one of the best debut albums that I have heard from a pop-rap star in a long time. Lil Nas X is having a blast and so are his listeners! Thank you Montero for being your true and authentic self within the music. I am inspired by Nas' ability to put his soul into his music for the world to hear! Montero is a beautiful masterpiece of work, man! Congrats, LNX!
This is a ridiculous album that tries to achieve fame by trying to be so transparently controversial.
woo i love gay people. i dont know what else to say metacritic is forcing me to make this longer :/
Álbum do ano, Lil Nas X entregou tudo nesse álbum, tudo nesse álbum é perfeito, Obrigado Lil Nas X por tudo
Just amazing! Lil knows what the current generation needs and he go for it!
Este álbum es una soberana porquería! Basura para llamar la atención que en un año ya quedará en el olvido
A Lot of critics like this one and i am not sure why, i thought it was truly bad, the singing and rapping is dreadful, too satanic and too much like an idiotic mean spirited geek show, lil nas x is not a good rapper not a good singer (i remember andre 3000 and cee lo green, he's not on that league), sorry, the album sucks, get Nas King's disease ii and leave this thing to the dumps.one of the very worst albums of the year.
It is the worst album I have ever heard in my life. It does not offer anything new apart from the cover. the songs have very cliché sounds and the album in general is a complete skip. The public has very overrated this artist who does not offer anything good.
No eres nadie Mierlil PateticNas X, urge que te Montero ahorita ya para quedar bien Old Town Payola
Although there are some good songs on this album, my faves including "Dead Right Now", "Industry Baby", "Dollar Sign Slime", much of the album feels underwritten or derivative. There are moments where Lil' Nas X dabbles in Pop and Pop Rock which end up sounding like corny kid's music (ex. That's What I Want") or just awfully written (ex. One Of Me). Overall the low points overshadow the moments of good music.
Lil Nas X has to be one of the most unique artists out there, he creates an atmosphere with his music that is very hard to recreate. This album has some absolute bangers and is awesome fun pretty much the whole way through, I’m gonna be coming back to this one a lot
This album is excellent. If you think you don't like it you need to stop lying to yourself. There is not enough gay representation in music, let alone a gay black man who cares little about criticism from the ignorant GP and more about expressing himself in whatever way feels necessary. AOTY Grammy nom is on the way. This is a very strong debut and one of the best albums released this year. Stop complaining, stop lying to yourself about why you don't like it, just sit down shut up and enjoy the music!
These beats are crazy yo. Lil Nas X has a great singing voice. All of the collabs fit his rhythm. The lyrics were very deep at times, others they were simply sexual. It had a great theme of coming out and embracing sexuality.I love gay people!
groundbreaking, iconic, album of the year, this album is a true must-listen.
Best Pop Album of the year for sure, thoroughly enjoyed the album, absolutely loved it
Reizinho do mundo ta perfeito demais, o cara acertou em tudo, na moral, a evolução dele pro primeiro EP é notória demais! Quem n gostou ouviu errado!
Perfect album！！！！lil nas x is good at this, and every song in this album is nice to my body and soul.
Every bit as excessively gaudy, idiosyncratic, and self-indulgently over-the-top as one's likely come to expect from Lil Nas X, such defiant flamboyance largely continues to work in his favor on "MONTERO" as peppy melodies, earworm choruses, and well-matched guest artists come together to form a short, sweet, thoroughly entertaining sugar rush of a pop-rap record.
In general this album is good, their collaborations are great and in the same way their lyrics, sounds, production
He's just obssesed being LGBT queen without focus to make good music. To be fair few songs are good but most of them so bad.
unapologetic. innovative. complete. these three words sums well the album of the year.
Pleasantly surprised, especially after his ep which I found to be mediocre. Consistent songs throughout the album. No skips in my opinion. Definitely my surprise album of the year.
The queer power that this album is perfect for people like me as I zone out and listen to every track off this debut album of Lil Nas X, titled after his actual name.
Great album all around - well produced, good vocals, different genres, and an insight into Montero's life and struggles. The marketing for this album was also top tier.
I lovee this album so much. Every track on this album is great! Well done Montero!
Easily the best release of 2021. Can’t wait to hear more from Lil Nas X in the future.
Not that I'm saying it, but it's definitely a contender for best albums released this year, and def top 3
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A proposta do lil foi muito interessante, a transição entre músicas, os feats bem encaixados, as faixas equilibradas, muitos contrastes bacanas no álbum desde as batidas até as letras. Sinceramente muito bom, não há música ruim. Me Arrisco a dizer que é um candidato de peso ao aoty, respeitando todos os outros, é claro.
Its giving very much "it took 100 people two years to do this" vibes. Very meh, not bad but meh
the deserved AOTY for this album that made Enrique's passive collapse with its simple release, we love you lil keep **** on Enrique
Some great production happeningAltho only 3 songs made it to my playlist after full listen
I dont like kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkdkdkdkdkdkddkdkkdkdkddkdkdkdkdkkdkddkkdkdkdkdrkkrrkkrrkrkkrrkkrkrrkrkrkrkrkrkrkkrkrrkrkrkrkkrkrrkkrkrkr
Montero had a lot of promise, even more so than most albums that were anticipated this year in my opinion. But upon listening to it cover to back a couple times, I have to say that Montero unfortunately falls into many of the trappings of most modern artists. The best songs on the album are the ones we had already known which severely detracts from the rest of the album due to how big and bombastic of a hit they are and it really works to the detriment of the rest of the album which ended up being entirely forgettable and incredibly over produced. From songs like One of Me which incorporates Elton's piano and pairs it with a decidedly forgettable set of vocals from Nas X to Dolla Sign Slime and Megan's talent severely outshining Nas X's own. By stretching himself into so many genres and trying to be relevant in all of them and please fans, the quality of song is unfortunately dropped. I wanted to like Montero. I really did. But I just cannot bring myself to say it's anything more than simply fine. It's an entirely forgettable affair and is a severe let down, especially when I know Nas X can do better than this. For all the hype and publicity that he had generated in preparation for the album, you would think there would be more here to enjoy and that it'd be a major album of the year contender, but as I had said. Montero falls to the way side, filled with bombastic sound but middling vocal returns. I hope he can learn from this and produce a more high quality album with more compassion and soul to it instead of this generic minimal effort run of the mill thing we've already seen and heard, sometimes even better, before.
Amazing debut album from a Incredible breakout artist. Awesome album but not perfect.
worst thing to happen to pop culture. I would rather listen to payola b (Cardi B)
Pushed by strong production notes and a mixture of bombastic and subdued, Montero has plenty of moments of intrigue but often doesn't seem to pay off it's more subtle moments with infectious hooks, memorable beats to keep the party going. Not sure what to think of this album as a whole - it's not a waste but I don't think I can keep listening to more than a song or two. The albums best moments come on "Montero", "One of Me (feat Elton John)", "Sun Goes Down", "Industry Baby". Much of the rest of the album has a little appeal but doesn't sell anything well when it comes to poppy hooks that rattle in your head for hours after you've been listening to the music. There's no "Old Town Road", "Panini", "Rodeo" to hit the radio waves with serious strength. Sure, this will get tons of streams and it's clearly going to be "Montero" that leads the way for the album as a whole for plays, but as soon as you get beyond that there's a rather noticeable cliff for quality and memorability. Spotify's play counter shows Montero at 951 million streams, Industry Baby at 370 million, Sun Goes Down at 72 million, That's What I Want at 15 million, and then nothing else comes close.Sure, many bands/artists would die to see those numbers but for an artist with Lil Nas X's fame it's not exactly a ringing endorsement for the whole album. It's entirely possible that people left the album on to stream and just forgot to shut it off but I'm guessing at this point. The album isn't worth a whole lot for me but it has its moments, as is the case with most pop album these days.
This is the debut studio album for the rapper Lil Nas X, and it expands on his catalogue with songs that can be categorized as largely pop-rap, as they are more than just hip hop tracks with catchy melodic hooks, borderline auto-tune vocals, and bubblegum instrumentals. The rapper also pushes the envelope with some racy lyrics that are homoerotic in nature as he is a gay rapper. Overall, the album is above average, but nothing really stands out as particularly memorable other than the fact he has some gay lyrics.
Lil Nas X's MONTERO was an unexpectedly remarkable debut. Almost loved it..
Lenda que veio pra ser referencia em tudo que se propõe a fazer juntando gêneros e ritmos
Lil Nas X plays it relatively safe when it comes to his full-length debut. But still, there's a lot of enjoyment to be found here. Montero is, simply put, a good album.
I feared the music wouldn’t live up to the amazing promo and album roll out but I stand corrected as Nas has established himself as a bonafide musician and an undisputed star.
That's an instant classic, definitely an epic that will go down in history as one of the best albums ever made. AMAZING.
Meh... sí tiene una que otra canción buena pero para que tantos críticos le pongan puntaje 100... no creoNo es repetitivo pero pocas canciones destacan en el álbum por tener ritmos tan similaresMejores tracks:1. THAT'S WHAT I WANT2. TALES OF DOMINICA3. AM I DREAMING4. ONE OF ME
MONTERO is perfection, favorite album of the year. The production is phenomenal. The songwriting is exceptional, I love how catchy the lyrics are while still being very personal and beautifully honest, touching, and heartbreaking and how he gives a voice to the LGBTQ+ community with his boldness of talking about the problems and fears we face especially when growing up that are not talked about very often in music and media it is just so beautiful to see someone that I and so many others can look up to especially those like me who are apart of the LGBTQ+ community. Lil Nas X's vocal delivery and rapping are great. The artwork is flat out gorgeous, one of the all-time best album covers ever. This is honestly one of my all-time favorite albums I have ever listened to.
Best album of 2021 i guess. Good job Nas for this incredible album. I hope this album gave you a great career
Incredibly strong & deep debut album. With a lot of genres, topics & features, Lil Nas X has managed to make it cohesive & good.
The debut is a precarious milestone in a musician's life,it can either set the path for a career defining era or keep the artist grounded to relative obscurity. The aforementioned not really a problem for those outside of the competitive and commercial sphere of pop. And lil nas x has made it clear countless time"i like seeing myself on charts " ,an ampt interpretation of his debut as a whole. Comprised of similar digestible "rap?pop" the album mimics hype by leaving just as quick as it came with 9 songs barely making the three minute mark. In spite of the brevity and potentially bland cohesion the record is by no means boring. How could it be with the billboard no. 1 opener,Montero(CMBYN) seductively beckoning us through the very gay gates of Montero(following the recent trend in making albums destinations.see:planet her,chromatica).The opener acts as a final declaration to a lover to be exclusive managing to balance vulnerability, earnestness and explicitly innuendos and still make the song feel like more could be said. From the crude humour of "shoot a child in your mouth while im ridin" to the desperate "call me by your name/i don't care that you lying " he sets the defining themes and tones for the record:honestyThe bleek "dead right now" confronts casual sex, cheating,betrayal and life post success without doing anything to add to the cliché. A moment of lyrical depth peaks out on the 2nd verse("left school,then my dad and I had a face to face ")citing a universal experience under a unfortunately common lgbtqia+ light of familial upheaval at the emergence of pride. If u enjoy honest moments like these from Nas they are plenty in the few 41min.The braggadocious "industry baby" shakes it off in an early victory lap. The song just as huge as the NSFW video that set off an uncomfortable air of homophobia in the rap industry, as it intended i hope. Addressing your victories might be a cliché in rap but with lines like ("i don't **** with **** im queer"&"need me like one with Nicki") how could you not bop?The very real plight of dating while black in a community which if not disregarding you for the muscle top white standard **** your stereotyped black endowment is discussed in the near trap pop of "That's what i want " .The brief interlude "art of realization " would seem unnecessary at first glance but divides the album into the popier bright egocentric 1st half against the more reflective latter half . It's taking a breath after a victory lap to look at all the hurdles you've passed and seeing if it made you fulfilled, the answer being("im not sure")The fun and unrelenting "SCOOP" benefits from a prime Doja feature as body goals is juiced and embellished into the type of self esteem only millionaires could afford- literally. The idiosyncratic doja delivery proves yet again her claim as a rap mainstay as she drops flows Nicki would be proud off. Vanity isn't a sin here it's a privilege, one that makes people expendable ("only need you to tonight "),apologies materialistic ("let him apologize i need it in a Bentley ")&fitness the standard for self improvement.To dicuss the 7th&6th song would be to discuss one song twice as their banality and rigid production and flow feel forgettable. The aforementioned would've been applicable to the megan assist track 9 had it not been for the caption ready megan verse reviving the record to "industry baby" proportions. "tales of Dominica " has the space to accommodate a halsey feature.The outstanding production of "sun goes down" isn't matched by the uninteresting musings of it's artist. "Void" takes an interesting take on sadness but never with enough depth to illicit a replay.The record highlight ""Don't Want It" is get off your seat head bopping rock-esque that descends into the cool "Life after Salem " which attests to Nas x's inability to execute confessional without feelin forced or insincere.The closer might be the best part of this record apart from the singles. Miley sounds mature,emotional amd beautiful against the crystalline beats. Nas x remunerations channel nonames "don't forget about me" to great results. It takes a relevant stroll down memory lane at the end of a block buster debut,having mastered the art of realization.Favourites:montero,industry baby, am i dreaming,that's what i want
After amazing singles “Montero,” “Industry Baby,” and “Sun Goes Down,” Lil Nas X does not disappoint with his solid debut album that proves he is talented alongside having the amazing ability to use social media to his advantage and to create music videos that are works of art and get people talking. This album is multifaceted with various genres and vocal styles, proving that he is more that a one-hit wonder. He shows depth in many songs that make you emotional, but also has harder-hitting songs that are still packed with passion. Certain songs like “Dead Right Now,” “Scoop,” and “Dolla Sign Slime” do nothing forming and kept this album from reaching A-status from me, but songs like the singles, “Am I Dreaming” with Miley Cyrus, and one of my favorite songs from 2021, “Life After Salem,” have me wanting him to pursue this direction on this album’s follow up. I have an obsession with this song as it is epic and its lyrics are great. Also, Lil Nas X sounds great with Miley Cyrus! While I hate the track with Megan Thee Stallion, I do think her part is fine, but the track with Doja Cat is irritating. I look forward to what Lil Nas X does with his career.On “Life After Salem,” Lil Nas X talks about a love interest quite beautifully with “you know I can be your part-time lover / our scars, they'll dance with each other.” This idea of singing to a love interest can also be heard on “Lost In The Citadel” with “my God, you're an angel / I only see you in your halo / I was hoping we could stay close / but we no longer sing the same notes.” On “Am I Dreaming,” he sings of how he must smile, bear the bad, and rewrite his story through his music with “tears running dry / shattered inside, but I still gotta smile as I'm sinking, I relive the story / glitter comes off, battered in blue, but I gotta go on / as I'm singing, I rewrite my story.” On “Void,” he continues sharing his mental health space when he sings “stuck in this world where there's so much to prove / every win gives you more room to lose / it’s too many ups and downs on the ride.”MONTERO - 9DEAD RIGHT NOW - 6INDUSTRY BABY - 10THAT’S WHAT I WANT - 9THE ART OF REALIZATION -SCOOP - 6ONE OF ME - 8LOST IN THE CITADEL - 9DOLLA SIGN SLIME - 6TALES OF DOMINICA - 9SUN GOES DOWN - 10VOID - 7DON’T WANT IT - 7LIFE AFTER SALEM - 10AM I DREAMING - 10116/140 83/100
Incredible! I'm not going to lie when I feared this album would follow the rushed steps of his EP, but I couldn't be more wrong. This is fresh, solid and truly amazing. We should never forget what Lil Nas X did for the music industry and for the LGBTQ+ community. He is an icon, he is a legend and he is the moment.
Yeah, LNX comes out swinging here. 15 tracks, 41 minutes long, and pretty much perfect, in my opinion. Mixing and production is great, lyrics are top notch, vocals and features are great and interesting and unique and the sound is completely cohesive. Favourite tracks are Industry Baby, MONTERO, Scoop, and Tales of Dominica.Fantastic album. Truly amazing.
Such a **** emotionally open, brutally raw album. Nas X goes: ok this is who I am. Period. And with that he drags generations of gay men upstream. I’m a white man in my fifties. Never been closeted but this album suddenly made me proud to be gay. I hate the LGBTQIA+ maffia and their petty little culture wars, lil Nas X proves once again that artists are best at defining our space. Because this is a space I want to inhabit. Which is definitely not one of victimhood. I listen to tons and tons of different music but it wouldn’t surprise me if by years end this album is at the top of my ‘most played’ list
Surprisingly, Montero is a very good album filled with a lot of diversity from an artist you would not expect to make such a variety of different sounds.
Incrível, as melodias e as colaborações do álbum estão ótimas, a voz do Lil Nas impecável.
Lil Nas X é o maior que temos. Só orgulho desse garoto que entrega tanto em tão pouco no mercado da música ❤️
Half of the album was skip for me but the rest were too good so I give 7 instead of 5Update: it aged so well so I give it an 8
Omg, this album it’s pure Perfection!!!
The album is very well put together. My favorite song is Am I dreaming with Miley Cyrus, their voices bled together so well. The feature with Megan sounded amazing aswell. I definitely recommend listening to this masterpiece.
Um bom álbum, que me surpreendeu servindo bons lyrics em várias faixas, flui bem, mas acredito que falta mais comprometimento com os sentimentos os quais ele canta as vezes, principalmente na segunda metade do álbum em que tudo parece tão abafado pela produção pop e os vocais lineares, além disso, tirando jack harlow não acredito que nenhum dos outros featurings acrescente algo.
Es todo lo que esta bien en el mundo porque tiene una letr y sinfonía acorde
I’m here for all of Montero….this album is it…will have to say my faves are Industry Baby, Scoop and Montero…and there’s something about Sun Goes Down
A raw, honest and emotional album that still brings us the right hooks. Lil Nas X did great with his debut album, proving he's much more than a one-hit-wonder.
Esto era lo que a la industria le faltaba, uno de los mejores álbumes del 2021
Honestly this album succeeded my expectation, lil nas x if this is your baby trust me, you made one of the best or the best album by far of 2021
The only main standout tracks for me where “Montero”, “Industry Baby”, “Scoop” and “Dolla Sign Slime”. I gave this album a much higher review when it first came out, and now it’s just a 6/10. The other songs are just not interesting enough to get listened to for months after the release,It’s just Lil Nas X”s first album, so it makes sense that it wouldn’t be extraordinary. I simply just found the other songs excluding those four to be boring, and not as strong. The overall feeling of this album is lukewarm. It’s not horrible, but it’s not a standout album I could listen too in full, over and over again.
This is the best album by a male artist in recent years. I love it soooooo much !!
After 7, I had absolutely no hope for a good Lil Nas X project. Then MONTERO came out. I’m absolutely floored. This album can easily compete for album of the year, and honestly is the most surprisingly good release of the year to date. This album is a such a statement to release, especially after all the criticism and homophobia after Call Me By Your Name, DaBaby’s rolling loud performance, etc. Lil Nas X is here to stay, and I love it.
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Me encanta como en este album Montero se muestra muy versatil a diferentes generos, y como puede hacer las cosas muy diferente a comparacion de muchos artistas masculinos, me encanto el álbum
This new debut record from Lil Nas X is a delight to listen to. Starting off hard with "MONTERO", "DEAD RIGHT NOW", and "INDUSTRY BABY", and finishing off with the ambient and almost futuristic sounding "LIFE AFTER SALEM" and the absolutely beautiful Miley Cyrus feature on "AM I DREAMING", this album is really diverse and will leave you feeling somewhat satisfied, despite a few underwhelming moments and the brief moments of some generic radio-pop sounding production.
this is the best album of this year, and already one of my favorites of all time. this is the dream album for those people who say they "like every genre".
Sin duda magnífico El álbum es tan icónico que hace querer escucharlo todo el día las colaboraciones sin duda son magníficas
É simplesmente perfeito, só não vai ganhar o AOTY no Grammy pq a academia é racista e homofóbica
It starts off with the title track, which has cool, guitar-y instrumental, later kicking with a little of hook, and it exploring gay sex - nice! It's followed by "Dead Right Now", which has much more trap beat and sounds pretty dope. But "Industry Baby" kicks really! Not only you see the contrast of homo and hetero lyrics here (perfect track for bisexuals lol), but both Nas and Jack compliment each other nicely over a really kick-ass beat. And it's hook, those trumpets, they're just so great! And I simply like the fact that Nas is saying outloud that he want that commercial success, and it might be seen as egoistical, but for me he's very right. "Thats What I Want" is a nice piece of pop rock, I would even argue it's one of my most favorite tracks from the album. I love counting at the begining and synthline behind choruses. Even though Nas sings last chorus in a weird way, like he's part-goat, but it's pretty enjoyable and I grooved to it since it was included in Montero teaser.I don't care about "The Art of Realization", I don't know if it's really needed here. And there is "Scoop" which I was really excited about, and the track seems to be cohesive of what Nas said about Doja, that he admires her for her perfectionism and working on body. It's instrumental starts really cool, and before chorus Nas really goes with his vocals! But the chorus itself is...dissapointing to say the least. It's just 'scoop' repeated few times...is it supposed to be new 'skrrr'? However how he delivers second verse is pretty cool, so deep or just altered. I like Doja's verse and her backing vocals - they're pretty sweet!"One of Me" starts kinda like Madonna's "To Have and Not to Hold" (1998), but the piano kicks in, and then chorus is with more complex background, but with kinda odd word choices. But the song itself is very enjoyable with its athmospheric production. But hence Elton John got a feature credit here, I thought he would sing there, but that's not what happened; instead he is just playing piano here... Anyway, am I the only who thinks that "Lost In the Citadel" kicks off just like "Clumsy" (2006) by Fergie? Besides that, this one is cool too - with really nice vocal melodies and groovy rock chorus. Its synths go really well into trumpets of "Dolla Sign Slime" featuring Megan Thee Stallion. That song is pretty dope, not only through enjoyable Nas and Megan deliveries, but mostly because of its beat. And Megan's delivery is really something, like in "Thot **** (2021), she showcases such force."Tales of Dominica" is quite darker than the rest songs of the albums, with Nas' deeper voice, later layered with slight auto-tune. Second verse featured harmonizations, which are pretty dope - just mixing his deep tones with those altered vocals! And those violins at the end...just beautiful! "Sun Goes Down" starts with nice guitar riff and what it seems like should be part of the outro (really altered, subdued vocals) - which would be true what Take a Daytrip said about him changing the course of tracks. Lyrics are very deep, they reflect how being gay is wrong for people for some reason. And just like in "Thats What I Want" I see some hope, but here it's more melanchonic, depressed. "It's much more to life than dying" is my most favorite lyric from the whole album I guess. "Void" features similar strings to its predecesor, but they're more subdued, and instrumental builds-up a little in course of the track, with Nas' voice going louder before being quite high (did he found love?).Going back to trap and over-the-top stuff, "Dont Want It" still shows Nas' deeper vocals but the track itself is really anthem-y, especially with those news samples inside of it. Even though it's enjoyable, it's missplaced, hence the next track - "Life After Salem" - is going back to more melanchonic, distanced sound with its heavy metal, clunky guitars. Album closer - "Am I Dreaming" - is another one of my favorites. It's more subdued than the rest of the album, and as melanchonic as last tracks. And it shows that, as Nas said, Miley Cyrus can fit anywhere. I love her vocals here!It's one of the best debut albums we've seen thus far - it's quite cohesive and well-layered. It's not perfect, but it has strong and beautiful moments. Lil Nas X knows what he's doing - especially from the promotion side. Those album trailers are the most entertaining things I ever seen. And the music videos - just iconic! And that artwork, it's pretty too!
On his debut, Lil Nas X has delivered a strong solo project, with few gaps to be filled in. Whether he's in the showers in a local state prison with Jack Harlow (INDUSTRY BABY), to when he's reminiscing about love during a global pandemic (THAT'S WHAT I WANT), or even a poignant acoustic guitar-aided outro with Miley Cyrus (AM I DREAMING). This studio album, delivered by a former "cowboy", Nas is in the process of experimenting with his new sounds, and that is tolerable to the majority of optimistic listeners.
Sabe aquele ator excelente e carismático que mesmo estando num filme com um roteiro apenas "ok" faz com que o filme fique bom? Então, foi com essa sensação que eu fiquei quando terminei de escutar o "MONTERO".Longe de ser um álbum ruim, porém em algumas faixas fica notório o grande esforço que foi feito para a música chegar aos 2 minutos e pouco.Entretanto, o álbum tem pontos fortes como: boas colaborações - com destaque para a faixa que fecha o álbum, "Am I dreaming", com a Miley Cyrus -, smash hits (call me by your name e industry baby) e o carisma inegável de Lil Nas X.Definitivamente não é um álbum que vou escutar do começo ao fim com frequência, mas certamente algumas das faixas serão tocadas exaustivamente na minha playlist de "favoritas do mês".
A beautiful, multifaceted expression of a queer, teenage rapper. I don't understand how anyone could dislike this.
It's a really well produced album with solid vocals and not a single bad track. That being said, that are some forgetable tracks like scoop and I am dreaming when the features are the best parts of the song. It's a really great project overall and Lil Nas X is one of the best on the game right now.Favorite songs:Industry Baby, Tthat's What I Want, Dead Right Now, Life After Salem, Tales of Dominica
Lil Nas X has proven to be a good rapper and good singer, in this album it is no different. MONTERO is packed with catchy choruses and good verses, altough the production is not adventurous nor super inventive, it is good.7.8/10
good featurings and some bangers that sound amazing, really great album debut.
So many super catchy hooks, really only a few songs a did not like, and they still were not bad. All songs also I think fit into this album, there are high-energy hype songs and also heartfelt low-key ones but all tie into a few common themes.
It's so precious, this album is the best album of the year, this album make me feel so happy an proudly about LGBTQ+ comunity.
This album is awesome good lyrics, good cover just woooow beautiful album best album of the year
He delivers a very personal and vulnerable album that is cohesive and defying at the same time.
Album Of The Year! O maior rapper e artista masculinos global do momento entregou tudo e mais um pouco neste trabalho. O visual é incrível. Lil Nas X é a revolução da música!
Incredible album, excellent artistry. A lot has gone into this record including vulnerability. Genuinely not a track I skip.
This album is incredible, with no doubt one of the best albuns for the year.
This album is very inconsistent, incredibly high, highs, and low, lows. Tracks like "LIFE AFTER SALEM" really bring this record down, but tracks like "THATS WHAT I WANT" are really enjoyable. Unfortunately the album ended off really weak. The last two songs I did not at all enjoy, and that made me think less of this record, but after a second listen, this was pretty solid.overall I think its worth a listen, it's not a masterpiece, but its pretty solid
This was definitely a long-awaited listen. From the notoriously good raps and a little of pop and rock music here and there, Nas' versatility is shown from loud bangers to melodic tracks showcasing his devotion to the LGBTQ+ community. Top picks would be TALES OF DOMINICA and VOID.
This is an incredibly refreshing and forward thinking album. Lil Nas X is living in the future, but NOW. Musically, conceptually and lyrically. The vast fusion of various genres shows the dynamic depth of Lil Nas X. This is a pivotal album that will change music forever.
kinda good ngl I wish his singing voice improves, if not, then he should go back lyrical rap.
Excelente Album Lil Nas X fez um trabalho impecável musicas excelentes, letras harmonicas, son dançante, digno de uma nota 100
That album was alright tho... I like the songs ONLY contain hip-hop. And not the pop or rock songs.
Such a masterpiece. For a debut album is away more then I expected. Sooooo good and fresh!
Es un album revolucionario que deja ver el potencial y lo que es capaz de hacer el cantantwllwlwlwlwlwe
Such a good album from top to bottom. Nas delivers catchy hooks, sad ballads, and much more! Definitely worth an AOTY/ROTY title!
Absolutely stunning debut album, all bangers no skips. The upbeat to melancholy mood change from the first half of songs to the second half is beautiful, and the lyrics are witty, funny and relatable. Love it.
Beautiful. It is as if I’ve felt every emotion on the spectrum. Every song was different, and yet it was all very cohesive... Amazing production as well as surprising vocals, and it’s only his debut album! I am so happy that he finally seems to have found his sound and himself; Lil Nas X has officially established himself as a serious artist in my books.
Love the album! Nice songs love the music video, better than donda. My friends love it apart for the kanye Stan who is bad
The best album of 2021.Maybe even one the best albums ever!Every song is flawless and gets better more you listen
Sim, eu também estava ansioso por esse álbum, mas não poderia imaginar que seria tão surpreendente! É incrível como eu ainda continuo com sede por mais, lil nas x!
Como a Pitchfork já havia dito "Mesmo com alguns erros ocasionais, o álbum cumpre a promessa de um novo tipo de estrela pop" porém é um tipo que não agrada todos os públicos e principalmente o meu ouvido. Minhas apostas não são fortes para esse álbum ganhar como melhor álbum do ano em nenhuma premiação e com certeza dessa vez Lil Nas X não leva o Gramofone para casa.
Montero is not a bad album. But it is not the good album many are making it out to be. Montero’s production is definitely impressive and hits hard, and Lil Nas X flows over these beats very well. His hooks and choruses are catchy, and the features on Montero are definitely fun and add to the songs. The problem is, Montero isn’t anything more than that. It’s just a radio friendly album. Despite being in the industry for a few years now, Lil Nas X fails to offer any lyrics of real substance. At no point on this album does Lil Nas X get introspective, critical or I daresay, “intelligent”. All of his songs are brainless, feel good songs. And that’s not a bad thing, proven by the fact that I’m giving this album a 5/10. The album feels like 15 worse versions of Hotline Bling. I hope Lil Nas X can evolve and write lyrics which have meaning beyond surface level.
This album is epic on so many levels!! I just can’t stop listening to it. Every song is a hit. I’m amazed by everything he does.
5 favourites songs, Lil Nas X represented everything I would say loud and do without any regrets.Favourites: Montero, Dead Right Now, Lost in the Citadel, Dolla Sign Slime and Sun Goes Down
One of the best debut album. The album is a biography of his life. The song tales of Dominica Is one of the best songs for me. Personal, deep and amazing
I'm not a fan of rappers but this album is very good, the lyrics and the sounds catchy. I love this album and also they include collaborations with other iconic singers.
Is a really good album but i think need more variety in vocals of lil nas u know more variety ofvocals shades in other song idk you song haha but i really like the album
This is a really bold album. Lil Nas X sings about his insecurities and all the prejudice he had to face being a black/gay man. Besides, there are great artists featuring some songs on the record.
Álbum maravilhoso, foge de todas as tendências atuais mas mesmo assim tendo influência delas, o som dos trompetes nas músicas são perfeitos, parece que se eles não tivessem nas músicas algo faltaria. O Lil nas x foi genial nas mensagens e no instrumental desse álbum, e o melhor é que tudo é transmitido de um jeito completamente autêntico
Great debut album, it shows Nas' growing potential to become one of the best modern industry artists.
Lil Nas X's full-length debut "MONTERO" is extremely polarizing and honestly I can't understand the numerous excellent reviews. Certainly "MONTERO" is not a bad album, also because Lil Nas X's unique personality is reflected in his music. But in the end it's nowhere near 10 out of 10.The beats and production are good, but nothing revolutionary and don't stand out from the mainstream. And TikTok classics like "MONTERO (Call Me By Your Name)" or "INDUSTRY BABY" are annoying half a year after release. Overall, neither really good rap, nor really good pop, which even the diverse features can't change.My favorites:"ONE OF ME""SUN GOES DOWN""INDUSTRY BABY"~ FürstenbergMarch 5, 2022
Probably the best release of 2021 - not only in pop & rap - but over all genres. Lil Nas X proves himself as a force in the industry, blending catchy beats with deep, impactful lyrics. Tracks such as Tales of Dominica and Life After Salem show his range, both vocally and stylistically. All in all, Montero is an amazing body of work and great debut.
The "Montero" album by Lil Nas X has sassy and savages lyrics. I love some songs on this album. And the album cover was pretty good.
#normal #overrated #gostomasnaoescuto so qro deixar no perfil so qro deixar no perfil
“Montero” by Lil Nas X is a song that will go down in history. Nas rose to fame from his viral song “Old Town Road” that became popular on TikTok in early 2019 and launched his career as an artist. He released a few singles after “Old Town Road”, including “Panini”, “Rodeo”, and “Holiday”, as he attempted to “soft launch” his sexuality as a gay man. He took a break from releasing music as he gained a large following on social media. As a member of Gen Z, he related to his fans through social media, and became beloved by gay twitter specifically. On March 26th, 2021, after a short hiatus, Nas released “Call me by your name” or “Montero”. This song was extremely controversial in the media and was condemned by conservatives. “Montero” has explicit lyrics about sexual encounters and his experiences as a gay man. The music video stars Nas in every single role and is a sort of rebuttal to everyone who told him he was going to hell for being gay. In the video, he is shown sliding down a stripper pole to hell to give the devil a lap dance. Clearly this was a very bold move from Nas, making his ability to be marketed in the media, very niche. Although he received an unfathomable amount of hate, his message resonated with many of his young LGBTQ+ fans. Montero is a catchy, well-thought out, personal song from Montero himself, and single handedly proved that he was not a one hit wonder. The lyrics along with the video tied themselves together to create a masterpiece that has become a symbol of carelessness and freedom in gay culture. Lil Nas X has since continued to release music, including his self-titled album: “Montero”.
This album is terrible modern lowest common denominator pop music aimed to expand the toxic "politically correct" philosophy in a dystopian (and pretty digusting) way. The toxic popular worldview that we have now makes albums like this be fakely labeled, by so called "critics", as "good, provocative music", but I'm not biting that **** this is complete garbage musically and culturally
Esse álbum é muito bom, as letras desse álbum é de cair o c... da bunda, são muitas sonoridades diferentes, como folk, rap, rap melódico, pop, rock, pop rock, e as colaborações são melhores ainda, tem Jack Harlow, Doja Cat, Megan Thee Stallion e Miley Cyrus.
This album was just iconic and incredible, in just 15 songs you can feel so much due to how verstalie this album is.
I'm working what I just heard. Hip-hop? Experimental? Alternative? Music? A regret? I don't know what the heck that was, but I'll just say that for mentioning "5G", this record got me. Hands down, Injury Reserve did what they did to commemorate their colleague and the world in the best way they know how to do it.fav tracks: "Superman That", "Knees", "Postpostpartum", "SS San Francisco" & "Top Picks for You"KEY-TRACK: "Wild Wild West"
This honestly just blew my mind. This album broke the barrier of what music can be. This feels like a downward spiral with insane production accompanied by some intense vocal performance. If you are a fan of experimental music definitely give this one a listen.Best song is Knees
This is such a depressing and introspective album.It reminds me a lot of death grips industrial sound but it has that distinct injury reserve style to it. Thematically this album is more similar to NIN's the downward spiral. This sounds like an album from the future. While not every track works for me, I can respect the sound that each track goes for.This is one of my favourite hip-hop albums this year, and that's saying a lot (so many good ones so far).RIP Groggs
This record is honestly amazing, this feels like a mix of something death grips would compose and something completely new.The composition and overall feeling of the song "knees" is just incredibleWith that being said, stream this album, and support Injury Reserve!RIP GroggsFav Tracks:Knees, Wild Wild West, Top Picks For You, PostPostPartumLeast Fav Track:(idkkkk uhmmm, if i had to pick one, i'd say Outside, but only the intro)
Injury Reserve's latest album is unique, experimental, and definitely something they've never done before. The experimental production shines on tracks like 'SS San Francisco' and 'Smoke Don't Clear'. However, the experimental production negatively shines on tracks like 'Superman That' sounding like it was produced by pressing random instruments in GarageBand mobile. The songs after 'Wild Wild West' weren't anything special sounding, either. This album, although it has some good moments, is just inconsistent and messy.
What might be this decades the money store Injury reserves experimental sound and themes of gripping darkness are all something new smart and admireable
Honestly, I just listened to this album. It feels like Kid A without the charisma to me. It's not a bad album by any means, but it's not something I could listen to. The album has some deep themes, but you can't understand any of them because the vocals are too distorted! When the album sounds good, it sounds truly beautiful! But it rarely meets that potential, if ever. The final track however is very good, I just wish the rest of the album met that quality.
This album is amazing. I’m not usually one to praise experimental albums blindly, but Injury Reserve on By The Time I Get To Phoenix definitely do it right. The production on this album straddles the lines between hip hop and non hip hop, and yet is still executed amazingly well. Every riff and chord is filled with emotion. The album encompasses a downward spiral and just the feeling of dread and disappointment, in the most beautiful way possible. The vocals on this album aren’t to be scoffed at either, impressive seeing IR expand their range. There is no bad or even mediocre song on this album. Knees and Top Picks For You are standouts, though. R.I.P Groggs.
I left this album a changed man. The whole album was like micky d’s sprite weird as hell but **** amazing.
What an album this was. I should not even say it's an album, but more of a lifechanging experience. I have never heard anything remotely like this. This is a big change up from their last album, and it was definitely for the better. I cannot describe how this album makes me feel, being that it is a complete roller coasters of emotions. The production of Parker Corey on this album is unbelievably stunning, delivering glitch-esque instrumentals while Ritchie and Groggs tie it all together with extremely creative and heartfelt lyrics. This is truly a benchmark in the history of hip hop, and to think how much more amazing music will come with this album as it's influence truly gives me hope for the future of music.
This is the AOTY and decade so far. It is mind blowing how weird it is but doesn't sacrifice the catchiness from their older albums. I cannot stop listening to it. The beats on this sound like they have created a new genre. The lyrics are amazing. Perfect album.top 3 tracks: outside, superman that, kneesno bad tracksRIP Stepa J. Groggs
Africabeat and poetic. Poetry reminds me of the underground of the 00s. Common made an album with the essence of rap.
The record's restlessness, be it in the shifting time signatures or the skittering beats and off-kilter rapping style employed by Common upon it, won't be for everyone, but combined with soulful production and the rapper's typically highly socially conscious lyricism, said restlessness transforms into urgency and even uplift, delivering a powerful, articulate and intelligently empathetic message of community and hope amidst ever-trying times.
O album é muito bom sim viu gente? Podem parar de forçar hate nas avaliações.
j balvin proves himself as a household name in the latin music industry, singing his story to make us have fun and dance. Really classic album, a good job in his comfort zone. looking forward to listening something different from him in the future!
Quality it must be over quantity. J Balvin “Jose” sometimes feels like a compilation album, than a true new concept. The collaboration with Bad Bunny and Dua Lipa was already a last year hit. Of course, an album is gonna have lots of streams when they added an old song who has already been a hit. Is not a super bad album, but it’s lack of real concept, within more than 1 hour, make you feel nostalgic of the quality of J Balvin previous works like Vibras, Energía or Bad Bunny’s collaboration in Oasis.
A wonderful tour by one of the best Latin Icon of regggaeton. It´s impossible not recognize the effort and hard work done.
El álbum contiene buenas canciones como:Querido Río VestidoLo que Dios quieraQué más pues?La duración del balvin es un poco larga y hay algunos temas innecesariaos .Pero aún así es un album muy diferente para ser de reggaetón.
I found many of the songs on the album really successful. I think it's a great album. The meaning and emotion of the songs is very deep. The atmosphere added to the album by trap songs such as F40, Billetes de 100 and perra is surprising and beautiful. Ganas de verte, Vestido and Fantasias are my favorite tracks on the album right now. especially Quiero Rio that Balvin wrote for his son is really worth listening to
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
This album is extremely lackluster production-wise, the surface-level trap beats are largely utilized on this project, melodies unfortunately don't hit. Keem has potential if he uses his voice and flow to his advantage, but for now, he has some work to do.
This is not the best album of the year, but The Melodic Blue does not aim for such prestige. Instead it's goal is to introduce Baby Keem as a future contender for rap's upper echelon and have some fun. And i believe it succeeds at both.The tracklist shifts from emo rap reflections and some of the most outrageous (and expensive sounding) bangers you'll hear all year. "trademark usa" is one of the best openings of a rap album from this year from the repurposing of his mediocre XXL Freshman freestyle into something actually cool to ROSALIA's cameo on the hook - it paints a vivid and kaleidoscopic picture of what exactly you'll be getting into for the remainder of the hour. "pink panties" has a humorous hook that's very off putting, but it's paired with some of Keem's best flows on the album. "range brothers" and "family ties" not only feature some buck wild features from Kendrick Lamar, but some buck wild showmanship from Keem. Kendrick blows Keem out of the water lyrically, but when it comes to the weird-isms Keem has been perfecting since DIE FOR MY **** you can hear Kendrick trying really hard to match Keem's oddball energy ("amazing brother", "top of the morning"). That Fetty Wap line on "scapegoats" - I can't tell if it was clever or just offensive. "issues", "first order of business" and "scars" are the emo rap-py songs. They definitely help the "cocoa" has a beat that matches that chaotic energy, but has a calmer flow from Keem than either of the Kendrick songs. That being said, he still shows out with some of that signature perverted and outlandish bars and cadence that has defined Keem until this point. "16" is like Drake's "Feel No Ways" and just as good too. I love this as a song, but as a closer I wish it was longer.People low-key seem to hate on Baby Keem as an industry plant. And I can understand why, but the outrage or criticism should only hold weight if the artist and art in question shows no respectable skill. The Melodic Blue sounds expensive and meticulous, it has a clean sheen to it the kind that few rap albums these days can ever hope to sound like. There is not a single beat on this album that sounds poorly mixed or mastered. Keem comes in sounding this good, so i'm excited to see where he'll go from here. Hopefully his second album capitalizes on the potential here the same way The Melodic Blue honed what made DIE FOR MY **** so remarkable.
I think Baby Keems debut studio album The Melodic Blue is a very good album. he clearly carves out his own lane in hip hop with this album despite the obvious influences he takes from the likes of Kanye , Kendrick and Travis Scott but with unique flows and great production he really makes it his own. My favourite tracks are family ties , South Africa, trademark usa, range brothers , issues and scars. Even with the fairly shallow subject matter through most of the project overall I think it’s a very solid project and I can’t wait to hear more.
unos temita piola y otros tranqui:kendrick le copa el album y el tema con don toliver esta re copado despues tiene otras canciones buenisimas y unos temitas tranki q te olvidas.
The Melodic Blue picks up where Baby Keem left off with his two singles in Durag Activity and family ties, but falls short of both of these singles throughout the album. While there were no apparent flaws with the album, it does not reach the heights of his work heading into this album (particularly his feature on DONDA). With that said, there is enough on this album for people to come back to. Issues, scars, gorgeous, and range brothers are all songs (in addition to durag activity and family ties) that showcase his talent and explains the hype surrounding his debut album. While it is not a masterpiece these gems provide a solid foundation for a very promising young artist.
Very enjoyable album. It’s got a lot of humour it’s additions paired with hard hitting beats. Baby Keem is going on his own path without forcing to follow Kendricks shadow. Just more refined and cohesive album in the future.
Baby Keem showed a lot of potential on this album and I believe that he is capable to make an amazing project in the future, but this one was too inconsistent to be considered great.best tracks: family ties ft. Kendrick Lamar and 16worst track: gorgeousrating: 6.1
Started listening to Baby Keem with this album and all I can is it is really good and I love it. 808s by Kanye was released 13 years ago and you can hear it's influence on this album and I love Love Lockdown drums sample on the "scars". Nice work by young Baby Keem, he has a great career ahead.
Baby Keem's debut "The Melodic Blue" is all about versatility, while the mostly self-produced project is enjoyable and remarkably good. After a break of more than 3 years, it's also Kendrick Lamar's comeback.Of course, his debut album is not perfectly balanced yet, but it definitely has its highlights and a sharp and focused Keem shows us many different moods and styles. Even if his voice is annoying from time to time, it's a solid debut for Kendrick's cousin.My favorites:"family ties""durag activity""lost souls" (with Brent Faiyaz)"16""first order of business"~ FürstenbergFebruary 1, 2022
Great album few bad tracks but lots of great ones fav tracks include trademark USA, South Africa, family ties, scars, first order of business vent, 16
baby keem is a very talented artist that can evolve into something more. for the time being, he shows spurts of greatness while being dragged down by questionable production choicesbest song: family tiesworst song: range brothers
Absolutely fantastic! Easily the best album of 2021. Incredible production and solid range across the album which is further improved by the addition of disc 2. Not a single bad song on here, only good and great.
Some tracks are not great but for the most part this is a good alum that I think will lead keem into the next big 3
Just such a cinematic, gorgeous album! Stellar production, terrific bars and flows, and Simbi just sounds so good. And it's a big tracklist but it's an album that feels like a cohesive project. All the interludes fit in the concept and also sound immaculate and heavenly. Love the diverse sounds explored throughout the album too. AOTY so far for sure. Simbi is the best rapper out of UK at the moment. She's raced ahead of Dave, Slowthai and Stormzy with this one.
A clear and cohesive creative feat that is masterfully executed. Artistry at its finest
I don't even want to write some review containing buzz words and whatnot, just listen to this fantastic album!
I really hope this album finally puts Simz on a worldwide pedestal. Sometimes I Might be Introvert takes her fantastic Grey Area to a more expansive, fulfilling level, complete with cinematic production and vulnerable bars. Start to finish, this album delivers a storytelling experience that is unrivaled amongst the other hip hop releases this week (but unfortunately will be overshadowed by those undeserving). Will be listening through this one for years!
It has one of my fav intros. I have only listened to it once at the moment, so some of the songs sounds a bit similar. But I was never bored and will definitely listen to it again. Even tho I don’t care much about the grammys, I do hope she gets nominated for best rap album and best new artist. A vevy good album all in all
With Introvert being a great opening the consistency was maintained throughout the whole album i was really amazed at the production for starters and also the lyrical content and for me "I love you I hate you" is the favorite Little Simz just ripps that beat apart.
This breathtaking LP beautifully alternates, both musically and thematically, between intimate & grandiose, pained & exuberant, soothing & arresting. We've got lush orchestration, hypnotizing soul samples, groovy Afrobeat, icy trap minimalism -- and it all works so well together. My opinions will evolve as I keep listening, but I can already tell this is a classic.
Wow!! This album is simply a masterpiece. I highly recommend you give this a listen!
Very nice production and fluid record. I was genuinly surprised. Looking forward to how Little Simz will top this project.
This album has a perfect blend of hard hitting lyricism and swooping melodies that range from classical, jazz, soul, funk and more.
Almost perfect album from start to finish from the vocals, the cinematic and disney strings, to the beats, the amazing lyrics and storytelling, this thing is awesome, the only thing that trew me off was the interludes, but the rest is awesome, sick production too 9/10.
Simplemente este es el ejemplo imperfecto de la sobrevaloracion y estar acostumbrados a lo mismo una y otra vez básico y repetitivo
we off the grid grid grid this album mid mid mid carti better then it it it this for my kid kid kid
I mean, if you didn't believe that Little Simz was one of the most talented MCs of the last few years this will certainly make you re-think your assertion. An absolutely bold, and beautiful, a record that feels like human revolt being displayed intimately and colorfully. Highly recommend listening to this album.fav tracks: Everything here.Least favorite part of the album: I find the spoken word british pep talk voice kinda irritating in parts. In absolutely no way a HUDGE con.
Little Simz has been anything but,her ambition roams unchecked on this grand finale with varying success. Her flows are undeniably the best of the year with bars enough to rival the American prison system but it's her newfound indulgence which had been absent from the near perfect Grey Area and debut that stunts her attempt at a magnum opus. Somehow reminiscent of kanye's "my beautiful dark twisted fantasy " Simz offers plenty highlights and justifies the underground status she's amassed. This is a mute revelation not in itself but of what is to come. Definitely worth listening because what she has to say has never been said so well so far.
Totally astonishing! By antonomasia, the sound of the United Kingdom is loaded by Little Simz with this heroic work, that of 'introvert' has nothing. I run out of precise words to describe it under a single line, but with all the songs. At no point did I expect a crossover between classic and neo-soul ("Introvert") , funk ("Protect My Energy") or Afro-pop in a Simz project ("Point and Kill"). But, before we continue talking about the sound of each song, can we take a moment to appreciate Cleo Sol, who by the way, also released an album this year? Sault's key has done more than just sing, but support the construction of a few Simz tracks. However, to whom I dedicate my devotion to the profound and poetic way of conveying advice is Emma Corrin. Didn't y'all know that she was present? Each interlude that appears is exquisite and captivating ("Gems", The Garden "," The Rapper That Came To Tea ") with her voice guiding towards the inner light to shine for all. I don't know if I can continue writing because I think I'll give spoiles. What if it is better that we all listen to it together? Without skips. 10 out of 10. 5 out of 5. 100 over 100.fav tracks: "How Did You Get Here", "Two Worlds Apart", "I Love You, I Hate You", "I See You", "Gems (Interlude)"KEY-TRACK: "Introvert"
By far the best rap album of the year!! Little Simz is currently the best female rapper in the world.
Little Simz's latest album is cinematic and enjoyable experimental project, plus the lyricism and the production is super thrilling and contains a lot of surprise for listeners.
Sometimes I Might Be Introvert is as ambitious and intimate as anything the North-London MC has ever done, and an easy contender for the best rap album of the year, let alone the week.
The album journey starts weak but.. in the middle of the album I could find its soul/core (Rollin Stone, Protect My Energy) and It's very good! but then... it decays again.
As this record erupts over every end-of-year publication, I hurriedly stuff it into mine to protect myself, but I'll be the first to admit I'm not a fan. And that issue is how deep Little Simz is into her own **** with an arrogant attitude displaying her grandeur as if the entire album is her hyping herself up in the mirror—a lyrical approach so typical of the genre that I've lost interest in it. Her arrogance then spills over onto me, and she gives me advise in the style of a motivational Helvetica Bold billboard, which does not inspire me in the least. On the contrary, it makes me cringe. However, if necessary, I can set that aside and concentrate on what truly deserves recognition. Flows quickly. Words chosen with care. Above all, there's the production, which is oh-my-immaculate, with nary a single flaw despite running for nearly an hour.
I wasn't familiar with Little Simz but omg that's literally one of the best albums I've ever heard. Her flow is immaculate, the vocals are perfect, the beat is amazing in every single track and the entire production is just on point, with good mixing, mastering and a LOT of great samples. Also I relate to a lot of the lyrics and that's something really important for me to feel connected to an album. I need to listen to her old projects but I'm honestly in love this is a 10/10 for sure
This is my favourite album of the year, I don't think many rappers can do the work that little simz did in here. This is way better to similar rap albums that dropped the same week as this one. Want to know their names?: Certified Lover Boy and Donda. Thos two projects get crushed by Little Simz rapping in this album. Simz deserves more recognition from the international media and the public eye. And from the hip hop community in general, just a great album that could come down as one of the best in recent memory.
Amazing album. One of the best rap albums of 2021. Brilliant and cohesive work of art.
No rapper has had this effect on me since Lauryn Hill! Someone who delivers their verses with such pace, eloquence and brutal honesty. The sound of this album is just so diverse - hip-hop mixed with elements of vintage soul and R&B.The second half of the album was not as entertaining to me, and I wasn't too impressed by some of the interludes. But, other than that, I praise this album for its socio-political discourse. Definitely one of the more important releases of 2021!
Perfection. Not only is this album a very cinematic story told by Little Simz, but she has also managed to do it perfectly. It starts as an epic story, the strength of the opening track makes you feel that this is going to be a really big deal. And it is. Little Simz is amazing and very charismatic. The songs are very creative lyrically, but the music itself is even more filled with creativity. The songs are diverse, which keeps your attention throughout the whole album, the interludes are beautiful and touching and the amount of genres mixed into this album within these 19 tracks is surprising. The fact that all these genres fit in one album and it all makes sense is also an achievement worth mentioning.It touched me, made me very excited and as soon as it ended, I clicked replay. And two hours later I still felt hungry for more. I have listened to this album nine times within three days. I think that’s the first time that an album made me this excited.
Fantastic record. This is kind of Little Simz's "coming out party" establishing herself as a major player in the UK rap scene.7.7/10Favorite Track: I Love You, I Hate You
Do yourself a favor and listen to this album. The production is cinematic with Little Simz' vocals gliding on top of it. It is consistent from start to finish, and is definitely in my top 5 albums of the year and I have only heard it once. No dull spots to be found, however I do believe she can exceed the quality of this album.
Little Simz really gave us her masterpiece here. SIMBI is cinematic, grandiose, and wide scoping...The way that Simz and Inflo (Producer) communicate on this record is unbelievable. I cant remember the last time I heard a musical relationship like this where the instrumental is MADE for the vocalist and visa versa.The themes of this album are wide spanning, but one of my favorites, is just the overwhelming positivity across the record. Even when faced with adversity, Simz is comfortable enough in her craft and her own abilities that, she empowers herself and the listener, with grand statements of triumph and reassurances from someone who has learned the hard way. This is a pretty rare and unique sentiment coming from an A list artist...Look this was my AOTY last year, Its a 10/10, must listen for anyone with ears and the time to jump in!
Little Simz comes back with an incredibly dense, explosive, and ensemble-like production. With such an explosive opener as the song Introvert, you will be in for a sonic dessert. This is a project filled to the brim with empowerment and introspection exemplified in such tracks like Woman, "I Love You, I Hate You", and Little Q Parts 1 & 2. I do feel like that the middle section of this project is a bit weaker than the beginning and the end of the project, as I do not feel like those tracks put me in the powerful headspace that the other tracks did. The final stretch of this album is nothing short of fantastic, bringing well-needed closure to this grand, cinematic experience.Favorite Tracks: Introvert, Woman, Two Worlds Apart, I Love You/I Hate You, Little Q. Part 2, Standing Ovation, Point And Kill, Fear No Man, How Did You Get Here, Miss UnderstoodLeast Favorite Tracks: The Rapper That Came To Tea, Rollin Stone
If you haven't listened to this album yet, then I literally do not know what you're doing with your life.
This album is absolutely amazing and builds on Simz’s ideas from stillness in wonderland. The wonderful beat choices to a more definitive story line this album is an absolute joy to listen to. The intro track is one of the best I’ve ever heard. The reason this isn’t a 10 for me though is because of a few interludes that felt kind of misplaced for me. The rapper that came to tea felt really out of place and overstayed it’s welcome. However aside from this the album was absolutely amazing and deserving of all the praise it’s getting.
This is what we have been waiting for? This must have been the wrong upload
Literally sounds like his last three albums. Don't go into this expecting anything new. DJ Akademiks falling asleep on live while listening to it is evidence enough, the whole album was boring. Worst Drake album of all time
“Certified Lover Boy” is an album that Drake's biggest fans will find a lot of replay value in, but as a project as a whole misses the mark. Overflowed with corny lyricism and sub-par production (more notably in the second half), it feels as if Drake has decided to once again go for the numbers angle instead of the high quality which we saw so evidently in his earlier projects. This album lacks direction, a consistent tone, and overall worthwhile performances. This project felt less like an album, and more like a More Life B Side. Many features, most notably Yebba & Lil Wayne, lift up the album, but it’s not enough for me to justify it as an album I will revisit anytime soon.
Light 7: Drakes new album CLB isn’t his best nor worst album but I will say it doesn’t sound totally bad! Some songs like Champagne Poetry, Papi Home, Fair Trade, Love All, In The Bible, Yebbas Heartbreak, 7AM on Bridal Path, IMY2 with Cudi, and You Only Live Twice really are well put Drake tracks with good features. Tracks like Way 2 Sexy, Knife Talk, N 2 Deep, Girls want Girls, Pipe Down, Race My Mind, Get Along Better & Fu*king fans are a bunch of cringe lyrics with horrible features like 21 Savage, Future and Young thug. But overall this album isn’t worst then Scorpion or Views. Views was easily cringe and had just cringe songs. Too Sexy reminds me of One Dance. One Dance was more catcher than Way 2 Sexy. Light 7 is fair for Drake coming from a Drake fan. I really wish he would’ve went to his Take Care roots if this album was going to be about Love, Relationships, and him getting women.
Instead of reaching to do something new and adventurous with his obvious talent, Drake clutches to what has worked for him since 2009. It’s not bad, but it’s pretty old. Ultimately this album was boring and horrible to listen to early in the morning at work. Theres some good sex songs and music to play at parties, but really nothing interesting at all. Please Drake, experiment. Everything has its shelf life, and this ended with Views.
never seen such a lazy album, the problem was the antecipation of it, got me hyped up and didn’t correspond the expectations.
Hhhjjjj j j. Jjjjkk jik juj jjkkkkk vvjnk vbjnnbb hujkjb hijbgyb jimlmllloj vjbiiu jijhvkk
The features carry the album as always on a Drake album. The album somehow is not cohesive, even though 90% of the songs sound the same. Certified Mid Boy
Overrated af, it's just more of the same from drake it's not trash but it's certified mid
The album is good but it lacks good beats and drakes variety that he provides in his albums, few intros are unnecessary, few songs are unnecessary, needed more bangers. Not his best work but not too bad.
parabéns drake, por possuir um armamento nuclear na sua discografia já que esse álbum está uma bomba
Very bland sadly, was hoping for progression but Drake leans into his features heavily and shows little inspiration.
This album is just so bland and boring, we’re facing a Scorpion 2, just not fun and not quality music
Biggest disappointment of 2021. Only enjoyable part was Cudi’s feature. Drake should stick to being a pedophile and sending people back to rehab
A very underwhelming album by Drake. The album feels, like a lot of people have said already, very bland and boring. As an artist Drake seems to have stagnated and i personally feel like he has stopped caring about changing and innovating his sound.
This is the worst album I’ve ever heard. Can’t believe he dished this out over a beef. Needed to shelve many of these songs. The only reason it’s worth listening to is for the collabs. Sad when only thing worth hearing on your album is other people. Can’t believe this is same guy who gave us Scorpion. Get some new ghostwriters Aubrey.
Boring asf
This album lacks any kind of innovation. Even the good songs feel like they've been done better before by Drake himselft. Another lazy and long record by drake just to pull in streaming numbers.
Whole albums feels like a Drake fan tried to make their worse self made Drake style album with none of the skill Drake used to have.From the first song in the album Champagne Poetry, Drake seems to just sew together two different songs into one big song? Its very off putting and seems like a mistake as separately the songs would be good.The album continues at an okay pace with pretty average songs and then Love All with Jay Z comes along and ruins it. The main song performed by Drake is fine but verses with Jay Z are truly terrible, Boring and uninspired lyrics delivered like he just wanted to get them done and leave.Way 2 Sexy is an awful song. Using the "I'm too sexy for my shirt" sample as a hook was a terrible idea, an absolute crash and burn.After yet more mediocre songs 7am On Bridle Path seems somewhat better, still extremely familiar but a nicer well crafted song than the rest.But ultimately that's where the album ends in terms of any redeemable songs. The entire album suffers from awful beats, terrible hooks and any lack of vision.
Better having no cover at all than this hideous atrocity, this sin against humankind, this disrespectfulness against everything that the lord holds sacred, this monstrous attempt of doing something funny and clever. I’m a centennial and seriously can’t comprehend Drake’s sense of humor or lack of taste. If the album sounds as bad as de art looks, this might be a solid 3 AT ABSOLUTE BEST.
Very boring album. Probably one of drake's worst ones. Plays it safe and every track sounds the same..
Boring. Started to listen it, but Ive already heard these songs on prev albums. So much potential…
Not progressing from the format or sound of his previous work, Drake has yet again managed to add a safe and disappointing record to his discography. Has Drake forgotten how to make a piece of art rather than a product?
Esperava muito mais de um album do drake..Nem as musicas com feat tão esperado, como travsi ficaram em um vibe boa.. pra um cantor que só canta musicas comerciais.Apresenta musicas cansativas de se ouvir.Musicas que não ouviriamos mais de 1 vez em 1 dia.
I've only recently gotten into Drake when I head Gods Plan last month and it hit me with some nostalgia so I was pretty hyped when this came out. I'm pretty disappointed though, there's nothing to crazy in this album, but when it slaps, it slaps HARD. Sadly there are only small snippets when it ls super good. I'll be banging my head to something like Fair Trade or Knife Talk, then the chorus will come along, and absolutely ruin it, 21 Savage doesn't rap, he just talks fast with no rythm or rhyme. TSU and Papi's Home just feel disturbing with this weird a** dialog that just seems to be there to be there.TL;DR it'll slap with good rhyme and beats only to be ruined with bad chorus and weird dialog.
Absolute garbage. Posturing and quiet narcissism and years of #1 hits have made the man forget that he may actually be completely devoid of anything even passing as talent. His camp is clearly full of yes-men who allowed this stinking turd to be 21 songs long. There is nothing compelling about an album written (poorly) in response to (well-earned) and Kanye West, the most easy-to-insult man in the industry. 21 droning, benign, dull, uninspired songs about this nonsense - a beef no one but those two clowns actually cares about.Drake is a blight on the music industry.
"Certified Lover Boy" is just the same drake album that listeners have been getting for years... I would rather listen to more life than this album.
Akademiks fell asleep listening to this album. That pretty much says its all.
You really can't convince me that this is a good album. Its hard to think of a song i'd listen to again on this album. I wanted it to be good but man its just not.
i'm sorry, but donda is better. I really had hopes for this drake album....
Very very bored, this album is so bad, terrible lyrics, the worst récord of Drake
One of the weaker Drake albums. Solid production, Drake staying in his lane. 1 or 2 heavy hitters but the rest was lifeless.
Unfortunately bland. A senseless collection of stream grab insta worthy caption rap. On the opener meditative "Champagne Poetry" the highlight only due to it's attempt at substance as it goes through Aubreys ruminations on love,fatherhood and drake staple:heartbreak. It offers a redherring in the form of a warning. Almost making the claim for a meditative old drake record circa "views"&"take care" but executes a somehow emptier "Scorpion ". The 2nd track "Papi's home" offers another blank assessment of heartbreak reaching an all time low at "supermodel's and they're all sexy" contradicting his own 'hopes' of domesticity. The record continues to hit commercial genre cliches in his discography. From tired 40 outros and beats that could fit comfortably in a 16yr olds soundcloud. I'd speak about other songs on the record if they didn't blend into each other so unfortunately. All in all im not dissapointed because to be disspointed might suggest elevated expectations which since the meme cover reveal or string of disappointing post "More Life" releases,haven't existed.
Definitely an average album it has some hits but it drags on it’s a chore to listen to all the songs in a row definitely one of drakes worst album. The production on it was lackluster sounds like if you look up drake type beats on YouTube.The lyrics are pretty good but with bad beats they don’t get enough light. Overall very disappointed in this drake track thought we was going back to 2016 views drake but we are far from that with this project.
Wtf what this?? THE MOST GENERIC ALBUM OF ALL TIME. So much hype for nothing!
Every song had the same tune.. there were a few good songs but majority were boring.. Jay Z’s verse was amazing but that is pretty much it.
If I want to hear someone in their mid 30’s cry about failed relationships I’ll go on Xbox live.
Lazy Album, Drake doesn't come as evolved or as energetic. The album seems like a previous album, with no sense of creativity, which is disrespectful for the fans.
Below average, Drake has done so much better. Needs more rapping and faster beats.
I'm a big fan and to have waited this long for a album this bad is unfathomable. This album sounds like 21 tracks of filler/rejects. It's a whole album of previously rejected material.It's kind of shocking that he would push back the release date for something this bad. Like, what was he doing that made it better? Is there anything he could did or could've done to make this album better, other than scrapping it entirely?Drake has been one of the biggest, if not the top. global artists over the last decade. Between albums he's released songs that have kept his name and legacy moving upwards. This album feels like a signal that his reign at the top is over....like derailed trainwreck over.
———————— the whole entire album feels the same . Flat all the way thru . The beats and music flow just seems so similar and boring . No sense of direction through this entire album and project in terms of creativity . Just feels like a pop song for corporates to take control. Just feels like the whole entire album is lazy in terms of creativity and execution.
cLb (capitalized the L) is absolute doodoo ass. I created this account just to give this trash album a 0. so disappointed.
What a dissapoitment, more from the same old drake, he never tries to innovate, looks like the same drake from Scorpion. In a battle with Kanye, DONDA is better.
Don't listen at 8am on your phone. Turn it up! Some songs could get cut for sure, but some songs can be listened to like 10 times back there are just so many barz. Another Drake album where he feels the pressure to appeal to everybody, and the arrogance to appeal to nobody in particular either.
Drake has done it once again , another mid-album.Even the star studded features couldn't save it.
Very boring, no hits. Such a disappointment, was looking forward for this album.
Genuinely the worst album I've ever heard in my entire time on this planet. Hope Drake somehow unreleases this, Chance the Rappers latest album was better than this.
From a Drake fan I found it painfully, and I mean painfully boring. Girls want girls fun and catchy. No Friends only track that had any decent lyrical content. Knife Talk hard but only because it sounds like a Savage Mode 2 leftover. Other than that 70% of this album is indistinguishable from each other, just the same Take Care style flow. Also he’s still rapping about **** “tings” and sending them back to Metro housing. So **** lame. TSU lyrics have to be some of the worst Drake bars in a hot minute. And it credits R. Kelly so **** Drake for including that. Working on Dying beat incredibly disappointing. Scorpion was better.
'CLB' is the most BORING, UNINSPIRED album drake has ever made. managing to eclipse the steaming turd that was scorpion. i was expecting something more along the lines of 'Take Care' but this album hasn't even got an ounce of the same substance or feeling behind any of the songs (probably because abel didn't write them) drake doesn't make music like he used to and over time his albums just seem to be getting worse. the album has next to zero replay-ability, the beats are BORING! and the bars a sub standard.
Just more generic music from a rapper who lacks any creative edge/inspiration these days. Very average music, boring and feel like I’ve heard it all before already.
It's that time of year again. Let's see what the artist of the decade has released... Oh wait, the decline since Views continues. Enjoy :/
“FAST FOOD MUSIC” This is what describes Drake’s music the best. Every song on this album follows a “Radio-friendly” “Hit” “TikTok” formula. He doesn’t take any creative risk. The album cover art by Damien Hirst is absolutely garbage, Kanye West’s Donda album cover (which is literally a black square) being miles better than whatever this was. Also, R. Kelly’s on here.
The features carried the album. I waz really excited for this album but it just feels very lazy, especially from an artist like drake
Average drake album, most songs sound the same with lots of mid but with a couple of tiktok bangers it will get a ‘pass’ but highly disappointing album, still his best work since views
The most overrated artist of all time. His last good album was a decade ago.
I was hyped for this album, Donda dropped and that was a masterpiece so i thought CLB would also be a masterpiece but this album made me fall asleep. I have never been this bored listening to Drake music. Well it's back to Donda now after the first day of CLB dropping.
Drake has been in a rut for the better part of a decade now producing the same album over and over again. The quality cast of features still isn’t enough to break him out of a slide in quality that began in 2016. All that being said Drake appears to have no motivation to further himself creatively when his same old sound makes him richer by the day.
Same ole same ole. Catchy tracks that have no depth or classic feel. Drake has not grown - he seems very immature and shallow for his age.
Painfully slow and boring. I was waiting for the album to pick up the whole time but it's just 21 tracks of elevator music. If you need help falling asleep it's a 9.
Sounds like recycled materials : beats, flows and topics identical to his last few projects.
Drake really just f'ing with usI MEAN LIKE BRO EVERY SONG IS THE SAME TYPE
I think it’s now safe to say Drake is done. What a wild run it was though. This is probably the most generic and boring album drake has released to date. It’s the end of an era
This album is simply disappointing. By Drake's standards, this is just piss poor.
really gave fame to those who don't deserve it. There is NOTHING good on this album.
This album starts out very weird. The 1st track has an awkward beat, and Drake's flow certainly does not help at all. The next couple of tracks contain corny lyrics, horrible choruses, and very questionable songwriting. The lyrics by Durk on track 4 are extremely underwhelming and Drake's oddly sudden switch in his vocals is very unpleasant to listen to. Track 6 has okay lyrics. I enjoyed Drake's soil bar, however the beat is very bland and boring. Travis Scott comes in extremely weak, sounding like he's going to fall asleep. Track 7 is just an absolute joke. The sample in the beginning is just dumb, and Future's lyrics are just so corny to the point where it's nearly unlistenable. Young Thug comes in and unfortunately does not help either, bringing questionable lyrics as well, like "Red diamonds, spaghetti" and "I pray to the chopper under my pillow, tooth fairy". Moving onto track 8, the sample in the beginning is a PAIN to listen to. The strings, however, are a nice little addition, but they quickly go away. The odd beat switch in the middle of the song is very sudden and really just not clean at all. The production on this track is very, very low effort.Getting near the middle of the album, there is a glimmer of hope. The production on track 10 I enjoyed, and the songwriting somewhat improved. From here on out, the production improves and the album is listenable. However, that only lasts for a moment. Track 13 goes back to very bad songwriting. "No capper" and "Booty clapper" are some of the lyrics 21 Savage somehow thought would be good on this album. Unfortunately, he'd be wrong. The chorus on this track is also nothing to write home about. It's boring, repetitive, and bland. Track 16 is alright, but the little snippets of piano are unnecessary and awkward. As this track goes on, the more and more boring it gets.Moving toward the end of the album, we get a Cudi feature on track 19. I was excited to see what Cudi had to offer, but unfortunately, I was not really blown away by his verse. This track, in my opinion, was plain and underwhelming. Track 20 and 21 were an absolutely horrible way to close out the album. These two tracks were an absolute drag to listen to, and by far the most yawn-inducing tracks on this LP. The production is extremely plain, and Drake's rapping is even plainer.In conclusion, this is what I expected from Drake's LP. Yet again, another album where he talks about how rich and horny he is. I hate to say it, but I don't think we're going to get another good album from Drake in a while, especially if he keeps this up.
I really had high hopes for this record but all my hype died when Drake released the cringe cover, the awful merch and the corny lyrics on the billboards. But I was still hoping the album would be better: it isn't.The mixing is AWFUL, honestly some songs I had to pause simply because I couldn't stand how bad the mixing was; the lyrics are cringy worthy and the album features a very problematic song that sexualized lesbians in a very disgusting way (and I am lesbian so not the best experience). The featurings feel waaaay off, it's almost like Drake included them just for the hype and that's awful. The record feels generic, Drake is clearly trying to make scorpion 2.0 but this is so much worst. I liked some of the samples and instrumentals - the beats are REALLY solid - also Drake's flow is probably his best in a long time (which isn't saying much), but the album overall is his worst project and it feels way too long
17 canciones con el mismo beat,enserio no se arriesga en absolutamente nada.
This album is almost as painfully boring as Scorpion with about as much filler. The only good songs here are the opener which is immediatly followed by four of the most bland drake songs ever made. The travis wayne future thugger cudi features are the only thing saving this bland uninspired project that I just can't help but feel is rushed. A real snoozer. The cover art is easily the most boring and lack luster thing i have ever seen. Once again another drake album where he talks about sex, money and his enormous ego. The beats sound about all the same. Not even future saying "too sexy" could save yet another bland uninspired album. Donda>>>>>>>>>Stay mad drake fans.
This feels like Scorpion without hits. i give a 2 just cuz of some features on the album.
I thought it was going to be Drake type from 2011 and 2013 but no, this album is definitely Scorpion pt 2 that simple. In songs that have feats it seems that Drake is the feat. Could be better.
Is this supposed to be parody of himself? Drake, make something creative and not just something to try and get maximum airplay.
pretty mid ngl, felt very uninteresting at points and overall nothing we haven't heard from Drake. some very cringe bars, one of Drakes weaker projects. Great potential features misused imo, just not a big fan tbh.
Bore. Dull over inflated attempt at more of the same, not the banger he needed at this point. Miss.
What a diss-appointment. The songs are boring and sound the same. Also if you gonna make a diss track, you better make it fire wich did not happen in this case. Giving 4 because its not bad, but also not good.
This album sucked. It was the worst Drake album to date. I don't know what was thinking. He SHOULD have delayed it two hours to put Smiley o, because if he would have, i would have been spared the two hours I had listening to it. Bro, you have no idea. i couldn't even finish the album the first time i heard it. I had to stop and go focus on something else. I went back, and listened to some better Drake songs. Drake could have done better. And how come he has the best features on it, but they all turnt down. It's like someone told them they could stay up past their bedtime cause they're the bog kids, but they have to be quiet. They're not even a lit as they are on other songs. Not even lit as they are on their own songs. Future. Young Thug, Travis Scott, Lil Baby. All wack on this album. Except Lil Wayne. Lil Wayne is still Lil Wayne, he's always been. And this album doesn't stop him from it. Oh and don't get me started on the man himself. the quote on quote. "Certified Lover boy". Drake. Come on man! I thought this was gonna be a straight up rap album?! Why are you humming and singing and just saying words that rhyme?! Drake, you need to rap more You lesbian! Drake called himself a lesbian and thought we all was just gonna let that slide? Like nah fam, I'm not letting that slide! You're gay! He's gay! He's a homosexual! A transgender! He confirmed it! Girl Want Girls! He's a girl! It's confirmed, it's official. It's Certified! Aubrey was better in that single, Laugh Now. Cry Later with Lil Durk. Who is also on the album. And os also not himself on the album. Drake is just better at singles man. Laugh Now, Cry Later. What's Next, In My Feelings, GODS PLAN, Best I Ever Had, Thank Me Later. Boom. There's your album. You're next, EP.
Almost fell asleep… all songs sound similar.. was expecting it to be better than Donda
Although most tracks are boring, Drake is brave enough to confess that he is a lesbian. Deserves a 6.9
Looks like they were in a hurry to insert something. It lacked cohesion as an album and it's more of the same
A very good album, with very foods songs, but a little bit disappointing, because there is no major innovation
Needs to be in consideration for album of the year.some of his best work .
What a great album! Drake comes out the gate with a dope sample from the Beatles, which is a major flex and I’m here for it! The rest of the album has some other pretty awesome samples as well. Almost every song on the album has major replay value. I’m loving every minute of it and have it on replay.
Boring a lot of corny lines.CLB has a lot of good features but drake lacks to do anything new on this album.
CLB is the same old Drake we’ve been getting for the last 10+ years, except this time it’s only staler and more watered down. Simply put, Drake’s lack of progression and experimentation greatly hinders this album. More so, the lyrical content is nearly identical to what was expressed in Scorpion (except maybe more Kanye subliminals) except the actual bars are somehow lazier and less thought out (For example “Said that you a lesbian, girl me too”). However unlike Scorpion, the songs definitely stand out from one another and don’t all lump in together, which is something that Drake and his team deserve some props for. But other than that, this album is a complete flop that won’t stop millions of people from playing this crap all over the country the next couple weeks/months.In terms of his personal battle vs Kanye, which is something everyone is currently invested in right now, Donda is the superior record by a long shot (Like it’s not even close). Even with all of Donda’s flaw and controversies, there are plenty of great, emotional-driven, and experimental tracks that paint Mr. West’s vision beautifully, something I definitely can’t say Drake had on CLB.
Yeah this was just booooring af…? All the hype for this?? Too long, some really cringe bars, all songs sounds like fillers
I'm giving it just a 3/10 because the album is very bland and boring. And I'm a fan of Drake, but no song stands out. Ended up just skipping tracks in 20 minutes. Not even comparing it to DONDA, but I was expecting so much more.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzssssssssssssssssssssssssssssszzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
All that hype for nothing,same flows same cadence same slowed reverb to rapping songs..a couple switch ups and a few redeemable songs but for the most part it’s average..these songs sound like I could have heard them before…Do better Drake.
The album is just so boring. The intro hyped me a little bit, but the following was so bad. Every song lacked of surprise, and there wasn't anything really good that stood out. The cover art is also so whack.The production was just mid, and Drake also had a few cringe and corny bars.
All hype, with nothing to show. The album was a slog to listen to. Nothing but disappointing tracks with a flicker of greatness to be extinguished the next track. Incredibly dissapointing.
SO MIDD lmaoooo "she say im a lesbian, I say me too" LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOonly thing saving him is weezy feature
Boring. Bland. Cudi’s feature is great, but not him, nor Baby, Travis Scott, Durk, or even Wayne can save this album.
Super mid album in all honesty. Drake really walked into the studio to create the exact same album again. Crazy.
I don’t see how anyone could listen to this a second time (unless they’re looking for a sleeping aid)
Album itself is just utterly boring. Yawn fest. Granted, The name of the album and cover should have been forewarning enough of the expected quality of the music. Shockingly bad. Drake should have known better, this is his worst work yet..
When “Certified Lover Boy” was announced last year, many drake fans were overjoyed by the potential. Than after a few delays, we were finally treated to a release date, and eventually the cover art. That’s where the problems began. The cover art is bland and boring. It doesn’t even seem like they where going for a “unique” or “artistic” cover art, rather slapped some emojis together and called it a day. Hell, Kanye’s plain black cover is better than this. Just like the cover, the songs itself are just, boring. He didn’t try anything new, or attempt to create a new sound, but rather slapped some lyrics on plain trap beats. It seems like it was rushed to challenge Kanye’s recently released “donda” and it shows. The features aren’t anything special. the Travis Scott feature was ok, and Kid Cudi putting a end to the long beef with drake was cool, but other than that, there’s no stand outs. I’m not sure what Drake was doing in the 7 months since the announcement, but it obviously wasn’t working on the album. This could’ve been a classic, but now all we have is a playlist of wasted potential.
Drake is proving that he has zero versatility recently! Place hand on your heart and tell me a unique song from this album ! Almost all the songs sound same and are like a spectacular yawn fest! It never really picks anywhere in between.There are couple of great songs on this album but as a whole experience they are easily overshadowed by the bad songs having some if the corniest lyrics in hiphop.I really wish drake will come up soon with something worth our time
Same Drake since 2016 full of corny ass bars and the same dull repetitive track... I just want Thank Me Later Drake back
This man has been on cruise control since Views. Consistently mid. Probably a few songs that will get radio play but nothing new or exciting.
The first half of the album is complete trash, it gets better in the second half but there is alot of filler and unnecessary tracks. Alot of the album sounds the same, bad rapping over generic beats. I expected better
I literally almost fell asleep listening to this. I respect the effort, but we need something to remind us that Drake is one of the best, but it definitely falls flat. Only a couple decent tracks, or I would have given it a 0.
Only 2 songs that are okay:No friends in the industryFair trade (even though Travis messed it up)Such a let down of an album.
Its trash, songs are boring and features were not that good but it is what it is Donda is better
drake can do way better than this. Had really high expections from this but..
Super over hated album already. People are comparing to Donda. But in reality, this album is just better. The features are better, it’s more structured and it just sounds better. People love to hate on drake but will be calling this album great in a year.
Another Classic from the 6️⃣ god. Sad it’s getting reviewed bombed by a bunch of Ye stans.
The beats represent the song and vocals very well, great sounding vocals, amazing features, incredible lyricism. Don’t hate, 10/10 album.
Meh. It’s an okay album. Not bad. Good at times. Not amazing. Same old Drake we’ve been hearing for almost a decade now.
Esse é o pior álbum da discografia do drake, ele quis repetir a fórmula de "scorpion" e parece que saiu tudo no automático
His worst album so far! Making it free in Spotify for a week was just too desperate
Disappointment is the best I can describe this. Is this really what we were waiting for
A continuation of Drakes exponential decline in quality that started with views.
Trash! He’s so full of himself it’s actually kinda embarrassing lol. Anyways I wasted my time with this album don’t waste yours. For something that was delayed it felt rushed..? Everything felt the same. It was so boring. Normally he’ll drop some songs that aren’t too bad that are sprinkled in his albums but this was all bad. The ft. he had were decent I feel like but they couldn’t save this album.
All of Drake's projects after Never Was The Same, it seemed like Drake had figured out the formula to endless bangers and radio hits. There's not a single song that is even sonically pleasing for more than a minute other than N 2 deep, and that song is not even that good. The bars are kind of corny and pseudo-deep, literally only good for Instagram captions. I'm really not digging this project at all, and I don't think I'm going to ever listen to any of these songs ever again. This was a very disappointing album and he is def falling off.
Meh, was ok, but couldn't help but feel it was too similar to everything else he has done. IDK, but would be fair to say i'm a fair bit let down.
One of the worst albums of 2021 easily.. This is literally no match for Donda, there is nothing special AT ALL on this album, just the usual drake type song where he talks about how rich he is and how cool he is, except its 10 times cornier with all the Lover Boy things he has going on. This was one of the most boring albums I've ever heard. My ears are bleeding.
I expected there to be a few bangers that can act as a single, turns out all the songs are mind-numbingly bad, with the same beat, same flow while the features (Travis and Lil Wayne) did well they could not overcome those basic ass beats.
Same **** different year.Sus lyrics, same dead flow and this whole album is literally the most light skin thing you’ll ever listen to. “She said she’s a lesbian, I said me too” ????Seriously what the actual ****
Giving it a zero because it deserves. Blend, generic, washed out piece of bad music.
So many filler tracks. Unmatched with previous albums. Does not deserve to be released and feels like a rushed mixtape despite being delayed by 9 months.
No major hits on this one but The album serves the Lover Boy theme though.Cohesion is Good and the production is excellent. More features than usual for a Drake album that are also spot on. If you go to the Movies to watch a great Love story while expecting an action movie with Bruce Willis you shouldn't go in the first place. I expect good reviews on this one in contrast with Kanye's DONDA.
Mid asf album, 0/10 i cant listen to it without my ears bleedingeven the good asf ft's couldnt save this piece of ass.
This pains me to say as an honest Drake fan, but this is probably the worst album that I have heard this year. There’s nothing that stands out or that pushes the boundaries of Drake’s music. Every song is either a generic Drake love song or about how he’s “at the top of the music game and no one can touch him!" Look, sorry Mr. Graham, but this album is an absolute DISASTER!
Expectations and hype. The two words you should avoid while waiting for a new release. I tried my best not to be hyped for this album, but it was impossible. Felt like it was a decisive moment on Drake's career after his last lacklust projects. Unfortunately he simply refuses to deliver once again. Out of 21 songs, I can remember 4 or 5 that actually have replay value. The rest make up an uninspiring and unoriginal body of work that could have been recorded by any generic artist out there. There was a time when Drake felt relevant and important to the music industry. Can't say whether that time is at an end or if it's just a long hiatus, but if you're looking for classic bangers and songs that will stick with you in the long run, you won't find them here. Maybe next time...
Im dissapointed in what Drake did I feel like in 1 hour and 40 minutes Drake did not have single good bar.Beats are good but I still almost fell a sleep when Drake was rappin.
certified minor lover.another crappy record from alleged artist that doesnt write his own lyrics. perhaps texting underage girls **** him up, who knows.
1 good song and 3 decent. Every else was a complete waste of time and precious AirPod battery. I’d rather listen to a ten hour loop of a kid screaming in Walmart than listen to this absolutely **** album. Drake is and always has been trash
truly his best work since 2015. the negative reviews are just people who want change. this man has been running a decade with "no change" okay
Bland, boring, the dude shaved a heart into his hair I mean come on
No es lo mejor de Drake, pero para los estandares de 2021 es el mejor disco del año hasta la fecha, se defiende y logra hacer lo que sabe.
This album brought back a drake who does R&B like no one else. It remembers part of the beginning of your career and that is very good. Perfect rhymes and sounds.
What a snooze fest. Even his biggest hype fan (DJ Akademics) fell asleep listening to this collection of boring ideas. Worst album of the year.
Certified sleeper boy, Travis Scott feature only thing earning it a 1, Drake the McGregor of the rap game no heart left in it
a great album!!!! love this so much, a lot of bangerz, it'll be a smash hit
Wow, I think this is one of the best albums of the year. Amazing! Get into the vibe of the songs, allow yourself to live this album and the criticism to the rapper stereotype present in it!
haven't heard it yet but I'm giving it a 10 cause y'all are a bunch of hating hags
such a good album, good 4 drake!the best songs in the album are Papi’s home and Way 2 Sexy
This album is a Masterpiece and we all Know that. The wait was worth it Drake never miss
No artistic growth, the whole album is a Kanye diss and the tracks that aren’t were leaked before or just not good material. To be attacking Kanye in this way, it is important to note that Drake has never made an album as good as MBDTF and he’s older than Kanye was when he made that album.
OofWell let's start. Firstly I would like to say the album cover doesn't bother me in the since that it attempts humor and fits the vibe. However that may be the problem. The humor here (She say she a lesbian, well me too) is, at the very least hit or miss. The vibe and humor can't carry itself over its long length even with it's amazing features (Scott, Project Pat, Jay-Z), and the bars, although they flirt with classic status, never really reach the mark. The beats (seriously lacking 40s touch) are actually really nice, but nothing trailblazing.Now let's talk the beef. Being neither Team Kanye or Team Drake seemed like it would benefit me in this review but honestly makes it harder. With Donda was misshapen, flawed, cconfusing and over long, CLB seemed like a clear cut winner before the rope was cut. However it seems that CLB not only follows suit and falls to same traps that Donda does (minus controversial features), it also is just as self indulgent. The subliminals here grow as stale as they did on Donda. Drake and Kanye need to get a room already. But instead of engaging in tantric sex, they should Collab again. All things said and done, CLB, in all respects and fairness is a very very VERY average Drake album. Which is a disappointment considering anything average from Drake feels like a slap in the face. This album gets a 2.
play this in your car if it has an excellent sound system early in the morning or late at night when it's dark out & no cars are on the road appreciate the fact that this album will make you cry and want to give drake a hug because of how good it is any negative review you see on here is all lies this album is hot man
It’s great. Nothing more to add, it’s just perfect. I loved it. The flow in every song is impecable. The features didn’t disappoint.
Same old sh*t. I can't believe I wasted my time listening to thisOnly lil baby and cudi raised the level of this album a bit, the rest is a sleeping pill
If you’ve liked Drake all along, this bolsters your claim he is on the top of the hip/hop - r/b throne that HE created in the first place, if you’ve never been driving alone and played a drake song, you won’t like it, and still will never play him alone
‘They’ll hate on CLB just like they did on Views’, album SLAPS, love the features and the intro is solid gold ❤️‍
Drizzy Drake is back with the bops. Artist of the decade. Rap album of the year.
wonderful, loved cixgztxuxggigidixgixgdgistidduhxzggsogdoogdogoxgcighogooghovh
High level songs, it's cool having collabs with good artists , there isn't something different we expect
The Entire album is a vibe !! Its Drake at his finest samples, and production
10/10. Typical Drizzy drake killing it. The boy is back, sounding like Take Care Drake
O melhor dele ate agora, inovador, viciante e complexo de fato é o Rei do Rap!
Overall some hits. I feel like the cover art is a blow. But overall I liked it!
Just another Drake's pop album, there's no good track. A few verses (from others rappers) are the only thing worth of your time.
Enjoyed it, may not be his best but people hating too much. Give it a couple listens then we’ll talk because I remember when people were hating on Donda too
So bland. Drake hasn’t evolved in the past 6 years. In fact his albums have got gradually worse each time since Nothing Was The Same.
It's amazing how all of these reviews come out in just a day. Giving albums time to breathe doesn't exist anymore I guess lol. The album was shaky after the first listen but it gets better and better with more listens.
More of the same from Drake. Not much here that adds anything new to his catalogue. A few great songs mixed in with a ton of filler. Drake's lyrics and delivery sound downright lazy and uninspired on many of these songs. I have no idea how this album took three years to complete. This album is proof that Drake has remained artistically stagnant since (and including) Scorpion.
An album with lack of creativity. Very weak. One of the worst I've listened to, from the trap/rap genre.
Following the mediocre release of Scorpion we get Certified Lover Boy their were signs of what to expect from the album with its prerelease rollout with a laughingly bad album cover and a release of cringe inducing merch to go along side with the most embarrassing quotes on them. This was by far the worst LP released from Drake. Whereas we have gotten very mediocre projects in recent years including Views and Scorpion. Certified Lover Boy is a truly bad album. One that feels very bloated just for the sake of streaming numbers. Your main focus as an artist especially one who has been able to financially achieve what Drake has is to create the best body of work you possibly can. Not to release a bloated track list just for the sake of streaming numbers it’s truly pathetic to see artists especially of this caliber to sacrifice the quality of an LP just for more streams and is hopefully a trend that will end soon. With that said we see no growth from Drake here. Just the recycled style he has used for years but this time far less entertaining. Filled with cringey bars, uninspired performances, and tracks that sound very phoned in by drake. Drake has been heavily accused of using ghostwriters in the past but I have a feeling they were used seldom to none here with truly awful bars throughout. Drake gets constantly outshined by features here which is sometimes a good thing but is far too often the case on this project. Before the release of the album Drake took to restarting a beef with Kanye West one that feels he started for clout with his new album releasing. The beef got more intense with the realization that both Kanye and Drake were both releasing albums within a week apart. It looks like Drake will be winning the numbers game which he is great at. But when it comes down to the quality of music, Donda was a far better project. Drake even took to leaking a unreleased Donda track featuring Andre 3000 as a proclaimed diss towards Kanye. Much to his dismay the unfinished track sounds better than most of the tracks on Certified Lover Boy. So hopefully the next time Drake releases a project he’ll not focus on beef but on actually making a good album because this was very far from it. In conclusion Certified Lover Boy is another Drake album that we continue to see on the trajectory of loss of quality of music overtime only this time we see a more big loss of quality than usual, if we’ll see this pattern keep on continuing we’ll remember Drake as an artist who made some catchy hits and solid first projects but also an artist who refused to take risks and chose to stay with the same repetitive formula that never evolved until it was ran into the ground. I’m feeling a light 3 out of 10 on this project.
After a few play throughs it’s safe to say this album continues Drake’s lineage of dropping mediocre albums that are carried by a couple of stand out tracks. Boring overall with a few moments of greatness.
I was eagerly anticipating this album as I’m a big fan of drake. I was very disappointed. This album felt like it could have been 7-8 tracks only. It was all so repetitive. There wasn’t any great beats that I was like “oh yeah I’m playing this on repeat.” There was of course a few good songs and some stuff that got you up out of your chair, but on the whole I was disappointed. Album felt dialed in. Very little creative risk and even less time seeming to care about creating different sound among the tracks. Just one long L. Hopefully he puts more effort into his next album.
Extremely mediocre album. Most songs sounded very similar and the features could've been way better. This albums lacked originality and shows that drake is incapable of being versatile with his music today.
Love all, pipe down, N2 deep, TSU tienen un aire fresco entre todo lo que ha echo drake hasta el momento, bueno esa es mi perspectiva, para mi gusto lo mejor del álbum
Nothing too special, very repetitive and some goofy lyrics. The features would make you think it’s a straight rap album, however it’s pretty rnb-ish. It’s not terrible, just nothing crazy. Also the long awaited giannis line was weak, saw people on Instagram comment sections make better lines about him.
Nothing really new, it's just drake being drake, which is not a bad thing. Even over the long run time there are only a few missies, and there are definitely some really good stuff in here like Fair Trade, Pipe down, No friends in the Industry, and Get Along Better. The only big miss in this is Knife Talk, and maybe a few other songs that are not bad but will definitely be forgotten in a few weeks. Overall it is just a solid drake album.
It's formulaic for Drake. Gimme two weeks, and I probably will have forgotten it.
Simply basic album. Which is far from what I expected. there are so many weird lyrics that i can't describe
Drake surprised me with this one, I was expecting something a lot better than this, to be honest. There is nothing that sounds original in the album and every other song sounds like the other ones on the album. Disappointed.
Absolutely disgusted by the title and album cover and the meaning. Basically a celebration of not only promiscuity but an album cover of many different pregnant woman who would ultimately give birth to fatherless children which is the biggest plight facing black americans today. What a shameful thing to promote.
Decent album. Has some good moments.I would recommend Papi's Home, Fair Trade and No Friends in The Industry as the standout tracks in the album.
L’album #CLB de Drake
Really good album. I love how each song joins in together in ways, and how every song gives off a nice vibe. Wish Laugh Now Cry Later and Vital were on it, but there are so many bangers.
Decent but nothing amazing. Expected better considering the hype. You’d think he’d produce something a lot better than this.
Good mix of easy vibes and bars. Very good features in comparison to other major albums out at the moment. Drake has mastered the catchy yet in depth rapping over very well produced beats. Samples almost make the listener feel nostalgic or emotional. 9/10 not a 10/10 only because of the album cover otherwise no complaints
This is the Drake I been missing and anyone calling it mid is a hater. This will age well just like most Drake projects
Classic album and it’s going to pave the way for a transition in how we define hip hop (topics, style) as the topics presented are far from what we are always know
bringing emotion, beautiful music and expressive lyrics, drake brought a great album on CLB.
This was 8.5 but to offset some of the most biased idiotic reviews here - I’m bump it up a bit.
I was expecting 1 or 2 really hardcore rap songs in this album with Lil baby and Travis on the features. other than that a little chill straight-up rap album with great bars and vibes. for me knife talk is amazing. another disappointment for me was like there are no hit songs like nonstop in scorpion. he always has a real banger song with every release in this one idk. although it was not what I was expecting it really is a great album overall.
It ended Kanye in every way Kanye stans stay mad, reminder that drake outsold Kanye in sales
I really enjoyed this album. I think it's some of his best work since Nothing Was The Same. I listened to it twice, so take it with a grain of salt. I was pleasantly surprised. A lot of new flows, crisp beats, some signature Drake and 40 with sharp bars throughout. There were a couple slower parts, but for a 21 song album I was very surprised how effortless of a listen it was all the way from front to back. Loved it. 9/10 for sure. It's honestly kind of sad how many Kanye stans came to downlike this album to give it bad reviews instantly. I promise you Drake fans are not doing the same, it's nuts. I am a Kanye and Drake fan. Kanye has a fantastic history of putting out classic albums, but Drake is simply better RIGHT NOW. Kanye has masterpieces though...why does this have to be an either or thing? I hate that. It's sad man.
Once again Drake drops a classic album. Like always it’s a mix of club bangers and slow songs. Drake seemingly can’t miss!!
Absolutely tragic this. Same beat recycled over and over with drake rinsing his previous albums dry. What a waste of features.
Closest rap music came to ambient (though ambient is sometimes emotionally touching, which is simply not the case here). Boring to tears, standard beats, lazy bars, zero energy.
Yikes this might as well been the same track for the entire album. Drake has not dropped a good project since IYRTITL
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ⁿ0000000
drake this was not it im really dissapointed nothing special sounds the same
That **** was trash. IMO……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….
Drake just keeps coming out with the same boring never evolving albums to keep his fan base broad because all he cares about is money. So therefore he makes shallow music.
This is really awful and boring at the same time just like all his 3 previous albums.
this is his worst album. all songs are the same and boring. drake has become an artist who doesn't bring new things anymore.
Its midcore as most of drakes new projects it will do numbers but no one will praise it as good album in future
just awful. so disappointed. I literally fell asleep while listening to this. sorry but man, I'm unstanning u.
Boring and predictable, a typical Drake album absolutely nothing to write home about.
When i see the score i thought it was because of te beef with kanye then i listen to de album and holly **** is bad, i really was expecting more, jay z is the best thing in this album.
The first song, "Champagne Poetry", is very good, reminds me a lot of Take Care, Drake's 2011 album (his best record, in my opinion), especially it's intro "Over My Dead Body". Despite that, the album is awful, i almost fell asleep TWICE. Nothing new, just the same old Drake trying to make hits, and definitely making it, as his music is easily digestible by the average audience. No more than two out of 21 songs on the album will make to my gym playlist, and I'll probably skip them.
Drake's worst job so far. An album without coherence, with very basic and repetitive lyrics, does not convey anything. Wasted collaborations. He doesn't dare to take risks, so listening to the full album becomes monotonous and very boring.
Realmente mas de lo mismo de Drake, mucho relleno creo que es muy flojo este album, tal parece que Drake solo se dedica hacer lo que desde 2012 hace.
Another album for tiktok, Drake couldn’t fit all this collabs, he could do an another aoty but only did one more album
literally one of the worst albums i've ever listened, **** so boring and repetitive
Fell asleep while listening to it, then bumped Donda and got the energy and motivation to run a Marathon and get my life together. 0/10. Also, cringy ass themes for a 33 year old
Horrible repetitive album from Drake.Very shallow music and nothing different showing he clearly hasn't grown sonically from his previous work and will accept mediocre as he knows the charts and shallow music fans will eat it up.
This album is just as bad. Even the features could revive it
I don’t think I’ve heard something so horrible befors. Mediocre production and Drake being the worst he has ever been. I feel bad for the featured artists for taking part in this disaster of an album.
Donda blows this out of the water. So much better. CLB is dull, very few good tracks.
Corny album by corny guy. Drake has failed to grow as an artist and do something new. It’s been a decade of the same song over and over again. I wish for him to evolve, but what’s to be expected when an adult man refers to himself as a boy.
Made me fall asleep halfway through the project lazy and lacking substance it's clear drake dosent care about quality anymore because he knows it will sell
Album drags Made me fall sleep Such a disappointmentMakes views look like an actual classic
Beat choice was great, flows were odd to say the least some lyrics are just comically bad “she said she was a lesbian, me too”. some features phoned in their bars or just took over the song completely. The two songs that shined above the rest would be yebbas heart and IMY2, but that’s mostly because of the energy and heart of the featured artists.
m i dHshshdhshhshshhshdhdhhdhdhdhhshdhdhhdhdhdhdhhdhdhdhdhhdydyduududydudyjdusjsjjdjdjshdhhdhdhdhhdhdhdudhhdhduduhdhdhdhdhududhdhduududhdhdhhdhdhdhdhhdhdhehdhhdhdhd
this **** so bland. Certified boring boy. Scorpion 2.0. Laziest project of 2021
Its the Same beat Same flow along all the album. Its Quite boring to be honest. The all ideology is problematic Also : **** apology .
Disappointed to say the least.Not sure if its because im not in love nor hate my ex but its been the same ol thing.
I'm sorry, but this one is disappointing and the album cover is complete trash, I could make the same album cover in like 1 minute
My ears, oh god my ears. This was a genuinely painful experience. I don’t know why I expected it to be decent.
Since Views , Drake decline a little by little. this album is good but i think, he could delete 4-5 songs on the album. I appreciate the vibe of most of the songs. i think 7/10 is good for this album
Mesma música de sempre. Não inovou em nada nesse álbum.Como fã de Drake me decepcionei nessa. Não consegui ouvir mais de 3 músicas porque são todas iguais
Really disappointing album. Drakes has played it safe here. No interesting storytelling or one liners really, same old production. Drakes needs to pick more interesting beats.
Drake has done it once again. Coming off the bloated and sonically uninspired Scorpion, he's managed to out-do himself and somehow drop an album that's even worse.CLB brings nothing new to the table, relying heavily on much of Drake's old tried and true formulas. If it ain't broke don't fix it, right? The issue here though is that fixing is actually much-needed, as Drake somehow not only plays it safe but also has become a caricature of himself, producing tracks more vapid and cringe-worthy than ever. It's clear as day, that the once ambitious artist who previously put out Nothing Was the Same and Take Care is no longer with us and instead has been replaced by a complacent money-milker who's primarily concerned with maximizing sales and having memorable Instagram captions now that he's at the top.
Am not the biggest Drake fan out there, but expect a level of quality that just wasn't there. After a disappointment from Scorpion, this brought Drake to new lows. Tracks like way 2 Sexy seem catered towards TikTok viral videos - reminiscent of "Ringtone Rappers". The features from Cudi, Thug, Jay Z, and Travis are easily the highs of this album. The lows are the misogynistic lyrics, the length without a cohesive purpose and lack of memorable songs. Somehow Drake put out a 21 song album without any club hits. One where any of the "best" songs wouldn't feel out of place on any of his previous albums. A star like Drake not creatively progressing at all in his career shows a lack of care, or interest in the music world. It is clear money is the goal - there's nothing wrong with that, but its a disappointment to fans of good music.
Another L from drake this got no chance against donda, more underwater sounding filters and boring production that we’ve come to expect from drake, nothing different or new or really standout do better drake
The level of creativity is so lowPossibly his worst album Even the big amount of features didn't carry itI'm so disappointed
O início é muito bom, mas depois da quinta faixa soa repetitivo, primacialmente por que o foco do album é nas rimas e o drake tem uma voz meio cansada pra musicas rimando
That was hard to get through. The most boring Drake has ever sounded in my recent memory. Uninspired and bored he goes. I honestly had more fun with that Donda album. It had enough weirdness to keep me awake. I guess Drake and Kanye decided they are not going to give Kwndeick any problems this year
an album for which we waited a long time and it is not the result I expected, the collaborations are good and honestly they are the ones that save the album, similar songs and nonsense
drake proving once again to be one of hip hop's greatest artists. there are great songs on this album. I loved!
lousy album, my ears are bleeding. drake went down a lot on this last album, i expected more
Terrible, terrible, terrible! Don’t listen to this rubbish, drake is a culture vulture always has been!
Motonous trash. Never have I ever before fell asleep listening to a newly released album, highly anticipated at that?F out of here! They played y'all, this artist is riding on the wave of the hate the other artist receives
His most stale, boring, uninspired piece of work yet. Thats really saying something too being that it’s Drake. Drakes comfortability being at the position he’s at in the industry really bleeds on this thing.
Just the same as always, kinda boring, the features are good but come on, it can be better
Tiene dos que tres tracks recatable, lo demás es igual, sin reinventarse y sonar siempre igual
Maybe CLB is OK but has no soul for me... I couldn't catch the vibe. I have a few songs i like in CLB but don't like enough to listen a second time. Also listening the whole album didn't serve me a good experience.
I mean, wtf was this? Worst exerience in a while. This mf only does mid music for girls every album
Drake missed for the first time ever. To be clear, I'm not trashing the album because I'm a Kanye fan boy. I was in the top .08% listeners to drake last year on Spotify. He's my favorite artist between him and the Weeknd. This album was painful. There's no way drake listened to this and thought it would be good. I feel like he's trolling us. Even Dark Lane Demo Tapes was better than this, and that was a mixtape technically.There was no meditative, introspective drake. No 6pm in New York. No NWTS vibes.This album was dull and weird. Between the Jamaican dancehall sound with the Nigerian artist, and the ridiculous amount of features, for the first time in my life, I heard a bad drake album. There were some tough rap songs like Knife Talk. But where were the "Jaded" or "Not You Too". Where were the "Tuscan Leather" or "Furthest Thing"Really, really disappointed in this.l "album" if you want to call it that. End of an era. Makes me sad for real.
Drake put a lowpass filter on every track, felt like a chore to listen to, I guess Kanye won
Worst album by Drake. I don’t know what Drake was thinking? Feels like he don’t want to prove him self anymore.
Boring. Not even the features can save it. All the songs sound the same and have the same tone to them.
Drake unfortunately disappoints tremendously by releasing the same ol algorithm rap. If you’ve heard other drake albums, you’ve heard this album. If he tried to innovate even slightly I’d have gave this album at least a 4. But a drake fan will most likely love this album and more power to them. Just bothers me that it seems he’s not progressing as an artist. For unoriginality alone, he gets a 0 from me.
Drake albums haves been something I looked forward to every time they are announced. But this album is disappointing
The absolute most boring album this guy has ever dropped. I'm truly disappointed. Literally every single song on the album is so incredibly dog **** I can't even believe he would have released them. They all sound like they should be onna B side or something. Truly, truly terrible. Do better.
Maybe Drake’s least inspired effort to date. The album sounds like a collection tracks that didn’t make the cut on some of his older classics. An attempt to recapture the sound that vaulted him to stardom that’s just lacking. No classic, repeatable tracks. Boring, unoriginal production. Trying too hard to drop Instagram captions as lines. The peak seems over.
Por supuesto que se pudo haber ahorrado un álbum si solo un par de canciones estarían geniales, todo lo demás es plano y pretencioso
Trash. Drake's living in his own deluded world. Hasn't been decent since 2015.
Drakes first few albums are much better, he sounds uninspired on this project. This album suffers most from being incredibly boring
Trash album. Really a disappointment. Boring and uninspired. Certified Hot garbage
I am just so sick of Drake making the same music pieces that he has been making since 2016 with even more cornier lyrics. More he follows this formula of his the more cornier and shallow he gets. I don't think he even cares about the artistry that his craft is intertwined with anymore.
He gave us the same album again with more artist that bought nothing to it. Really didn't expected much from Drake as of recent months to years he's been putting out the same songs over and over.
I went into this pretty optimistic thinking that drake would bring something new to the table and when the first track, Champagne Poetry went on I was hopeful and optimistic however by the 7th track, which i don't remember the name of because i thought i was still on the 2nd track, I became extremely bored and tired of this repetitive attitude drake has adopted with his music. Frankly disappointing.
Too fire. While people believe that this is the ‘same old drake’ , that’s what he was going for. This wasn’t supposed to be something u can blast and head bang in your car too. He’s bringing back the old drake that you listen to when u get your heart broken. Fire.
great album overall. you can tell by how all 15 yo white boy kanye stans are already all over the place thrashing on it, cheers drizzy.
First listen, not what I was expecting kinda underwhelming a lil bit but there was a good few songs that I really enjoyed, I liked probably 9 outta all of them. I'm sure some will grow on me more though. I just wanted him to switch the flow a little bit more, a bit less one dimensional. Some songs are definitely skips but some songs are genuinely really good. Definitely not trash but maybe I set my expectations too highI miss that raw, energised drake. started from the bottom, from time, worst behaviour. I feel like this album is missing a lot of that. And don’t get me wrong I love drake and Ye so I’m not about to compare but CLB as is, is a miss for me.i like the album but i’m not ever going to relisten to it in full. the goofy lyrics towards the start of the album just put a bad taste in my mouth lol
10/10 very very good album **********************************************************
Drizzy never misses. Definitely delivered on the vibes I was looking for you, lots of playlist songs. As for hype songs, No Friends In the Industry and holy Papi's Home is a favourite.
Amazing album, bringing back the old drakes we all know and love. He had great features in this album as well!
drake outdid himself again with this work after nothing was the same. absolutely love the record and
Holy **** this project continues to AMAZE. Fair Trade sounding like "Sickomode 2", Weezy, Future, Rick Ross, 21 Savage??? Good lord.
a good mix with all the vibes. he delivered exactly what we needed. future did almost ruin it though but he caught up, so its okay.
Otra chatarra del rapero mas simplón del planeta, toda su música suena igual, no trasciende, no influye y no progresa en lo absoluto.
Ué??? Não era esse álbum que ia surrar o donda? Tô ainda tentando achar a surra que esse album com conceito machista e com o r.kelly creditado deu no donda.
Certified Lover Boy is another good release by Drake! Honestly would pin it as 7-8/10, but a lot of Kanye fans and haters seem to be review bombing this album with negative scores due to his current feud with Drake. Hopefully this 10 will help balance things out.
Very good album, love drizzy and the crew. Very good beats, Vey good flows.
80% hits. All features were amazing. Better than last 3 albums. Closest thing we'll get to peak drake.
It was amazing i loved how chill it was way better than donda. It also had some great features like lil baby lil durk rick ross etc.
Y’all hate good music bye. Album showed growth and diversity as always. You gotta get it the 2nd time
''CERTIFIED LOVER BOY'' sounds like a playlist of unreleased songs from drake's latest albums
Fair trade is best so far. 7am on bridle path is real talk. Love all is also a bopThe intro on TSU was not needed
Amazing his best album so far I don’t get why people hating for no reason everything he did so fresh and new really amazing job the goat speaking
You’re lying to yourself if you say this album isn’t absolute gas. One of the best studio albums he’s put out and an instant classic
B E S T A L B U M O F T H E Y E A R !!! Kanye is crying now hahahahahhahah
I’m 2 sexy is fire styll. This is way better than Donda. Production, lyrics, everything is amazing!
When I heard the intro sample and the beat I expected a certified classic. The first 2 minutes of the album were perfect. After that it was the regular album cut drake for the whole 1.4 hours. Boring album with no chances taken. But Drakes bad is better than most so it’s a strong 5.
I don't understand how someone at the top of the game can drop the same album 3 times in a row and get away with it. He's had nothing new to talk about since IYRTITL and it shows badly in a 90 minute album. People keep listening though. This simply isn't the album you cut a heart in your hair for.
Solid album! hkhasdfasdfkjhasd flaskdjhf salkdjhf aslkdf lsakdhf laksdjhf lkasdjhf lkjasdhf lkjasf
Bland boring old Drake back at it, this time with no for sure radio hits. Feels phoned in. Skip this one.
Donda > CLB Every dayCasual Drake nothing elseI'm sure this album will be one of the most overrated album ever.
I think of all the albums Drake has dropped nothing has topped Nothing was the same. He's been just gliding on tracks cause he knows it'll sell no matter what
Honestly, it's boring to me. Literally nothing new... Maybe he should experience a little more... IDK but that's just my opinion.
Dudes been doing the same **** since 2015, same beats, same lyrics, same flows, same repetitive drake. Pure snooze fest.
Drake and Kanye should retire from music so should most men in the music industry. If you want to cleanse your ears after hearing this, listen to Plastic Hearts by Miley Cyrus!
Drake Had a 3 year break from album spree. this album sounds like a compilation of scraped songs that didn’t make it to a romantic movie soundtrack . What makes this outrageous is the fact that he pushed it back with 9months raising more anticipation only to give us a below mid & boring themed project even travis scott could save. i will give it 3/10 because of effort and because he is drake ❤️.
Drake needs growth. He is talking about the same topics he rapped about a decade ago.
VERY BORING!!! drake continues to realise underwhelming music. the only reason he breaks record id because his name is drake.
Nothing was the same to everything sounds the same. No growth in the last 3 years and even bringing old flows like from “Lord Knows” we in 2021 already Drizzy!
Not what I expected fr, it was just average drake I expected more from this album after all the hype and delays even the album cover sucks
0 out of 10. Worst album I’ve ever heard. Drake, make better music or don’t drop music at all. This is pure garbage and I miss the person I was before I heard this. So much hype for such mediocre songs. Drake needs to be stopped. Anyways stream DONDA, a real masterpiece.
Drake once again comes through with an album that at its core is perfectly fine, if he hadn't already released it 2 times before. While most of the songs on this thing are decent and exactly what you would expect from a drake album, the fact that he hasn't innovated or tried doing anything new in years speaks to his artistic integrity.
Nothing special. same staff over and over again. He can make HUGE hits but not a good album.
This album is terribly brining. Nothing new or innovative is being done here, the artwork is juvenile and embarrassing; drake needs to find a way to stay relevant, or stop saying he’s at the top of the game.
Nothing new from drake on this album. Same lyrical topics and themes. Flows and melodies we have heard before. I do enjoy some of the production but is super lackluster and bloated. Considering we waited 9 months for it.
I’m a big Drake fan and has him in my top 15 favorite music artists/acts of all time. But it pains me to say that never has an album that has disappointed me while I had little to no expectations. CLB is the worst Drake’s album I’ve ever listened to. Even to the point where I kinda hated this album, not because it was horrible, but because it’s the same old Drake. I was bored to the point of frustration, most of the features felt wasted (especially Future and Travis Scott), and even some of the songs would have been better if Drake was left out because the features were giving more than he did, there are no bangers, and the same stuff Drake has been talking since I was in middle school. Maybe I’m just really spoiled by Drake’s music from 2009 to 2015, but this album ain’t it and the weirdest part is that I kinda hated CLB so much that it made me appreciate Views and Scorpion more and I didn’t like those albums.
There is maybe 1 or 2 songs at best, that i want to come back to and play multiple times.Such a disappointing album.
I usually like drake and while some of the songs on this album are catchy, they say a lot of nothing and his flow hasn’t changed. Drake has made the same album for the last 4 projects. Change it up
I’m a Drake stan, and I hold the 6 God to a much higher standard, considering all the delays, all the GOAT talk, and all the hype leading up to the album release date. What’s up with this cringe cover art? Looks like a 5 year old designed this crap. Most of the songs are boring, lazy, and uninspired. Champagne Poetry has one of the most annoying samples ever. And what’s with Way 2 Sexy and Knife Talk? Those two songs shouldn’t have even been on the album. There’s a bunch of mid filler type songs such as Get Along Better, and Fountains. The Jay-Z feature was a complete waste. First 5 tracks on the album are a snooze fest. There’s also a bunch of mixing issues on this album. Drake’s vocals on Race My Mind are low, and the outro is much louder. Fair Trade was good, but it did not need a Travis Scott feature. The song should’ve been a solo Drake song. I also wasn’t a fan of the Cudi feature, it sounded weird. The Ross and Wayne feature was okay, not much replay value in my opinion. The outro was also quite boring, as it sounded similar to March 14 and Views. All in all, there were many more lows than highs. Most of these tracks are completely forgettable. I really hope Drake actually puts out something cohesive and concise on his next album. This one is all over the place
This was the first Drake album I was looking forward to since Views and it completely disappointed me. You can hear the lack of inspiration and passion on CLB through the whole album. There’s maybe 5-7 songs tops that are worthy of replay. The flows are boring and so are the beats. I believe Drake is becoming a prisoner of his own sound and it is starting to show. His sound is starting to become dated.Hopefully he redeems himself next year.
Garbage, most boring Drake album yet and that’s saying something. At least Scorpion had some bangers ffs.
The production on this album is amazing, and I like the samples. Drake has some great rapping but this seems overshadowed by very distracting corny bars. While a lot of the songs are catchy and have good vibe to them, for some reason they are not hitting the same. There is no real substance to the album, and I feel as though we have not gotten to see drake grow as an Artist. This album is bloated, and it feels like many songs were just thrown on for the sake of it.
Literally another Scorpion, no progression in his sound whatsoever. The same formula for everything he puts every time out. After bringing such momentum with Scary Hours 2, and other features and singles, it's a very underwhelming release.
Certified Lover Boy starts off solid enough—both "Champagne Poetry" and "Papi's Home" are highlights upon first listen—however, the album immediately nosedives after these two tracks. Whereas these tracks sound grand and thematic with soaring production, the same cannot be said for a majority of the 20+ songs here. The production here is absolutely numbing and sleepy. Boring, really. One has to ask what he kept postponing the album for when the finished product feels so bloated and unfocused.Highlights: Champagne Poetry, Papi's Home, Way 2 Sexy, TSU, Pipe Down
Thank him now ‘cus if you’re reading this it’s too late for him to have taken care on the most mid album going. Makes you wonder what the 9 month postponement was for really? Drake does Drake... again.
After scorpion I was really hoping to see Drizzy do something new. And while it’s not terrible it’s just kinda boring. The rapping is some of drakes better but that’s about all that’s interesting here, surrounded by cheesy poppy chart targeted music
Very repetitive and boring album, carried by production at points. Some features come through but drake throughout the project to me is lackluster
This album might as well be called Scorpion 2. Very bland and boring with some decent features saving the day. It’s nothing too bad to listen to just nothing special enough that rewards the hype towards the Album. Meh.
this album is so boring and underwhelming.i mean it’s drake what do you expect.maybe like 3 out of the 21 songs were good.
Not the best album of his. not many good beats and slow flow on most of the songs
After three listens, the only good song is Papi’s Home, and even that one is way too embarrassing to put in any of my playlists. I can’t believe I sat through the I’m Too Sexy song three times on my own volition, but even worse was the realization that I’m now cursed to coexist with its inevitable meme status for the next few weeks.
Lazy and disappointing, wouldn’t expect this from such a long wait and anticipation, akademics reaction says it all.
I guess drake had a contract obligation to release an album because this is absolute dogsheet.
More like certified garbage. Every song on the album is the same. I feel like Drake isn't even trying at this point.
I don’t really like the album, also disappointing that Nicki didn’t have a verse.
Boring and not good, this is definitely one of drakes worst studio album with his flows over melodic beats being at best predictable and descent and at worst, blue face level of offbeat. About 4 out of the 21 songs are the only ones that I can get behind and is the reason this rating is a 2.
This is yet another generic drake album. Same recycled sonic trajectory we get in every drake album. Feature selection wasn’t great as almost all of the artists featured have done better tracks with him before. Content was the most frustrating part as there was zero evolution and corny cringe inducing lines over. Don’t even get me started on the album cover.
oh look, another drake album that sounds exactly the same as everything else he has released over the last 6 and a half years or so down to the production and flows so disappointingTyler The Creator made CMIYGL at 30, there’s no excuse for this dude to be so sonically stagnant.
You’ll be listening to hot trash. Donda sucks too, but be prepared for Drakes biggest disappointment since scorpion.
Repetitive beats with sub-par lyricism , a staple for drake music since 2015
Album doesn’t have a track to keep you engaged. Although it’s a long album it feels been longer with drawn out boring melodies . Might be good to put children to sleep
Same old nonsense from a Mans who music hasn’t evolved in almost a decade
Just drake being the same boring drake… I was hoping for something new. After listening to it twice I had to wonder how anybody could find this interesting. Drake must be thanking god for people with odd taste in music
Uninspired and repetitive. This is easily drakes worst album. The first listen was hard, the second was even more so, the third.... Well I was out like DJ Akademiks. Only about 4 songs worth listening too, the rest is a snooze fest of songs that sound like B sides from views. I should have judged this album by its cover.
“Spoiler alert” if you haven’t listened to it yet, don’t. Mans on cruise control, been dropping music thats mid at best. Better off listening to donda
Same thing as the last album, Drake sounding criminally repetitive. Unacceptable for a artist of this dimension.
Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive Wow I did not like this album. It was so boring and very repetitive rurhjrhrrhrhrhrhehehjee
Drake has made the same album for the past 10 years and it’s getting inexcusable. Had a few catchy tracks but sounds more like a mixtape.
Boring trash. Same ish different day but this time more forgettable. I guess calling it certified lover boy was meant to be ironic. His music seems to pander to men more than women even if women don’t know it themselves. Pipe down has hints of misogyny- how much do I gotta spend for you pipe down?? How about $0? Too sexy was painful but of course it will get play bc it will have an over the top comic visual to distract ppl from just how terrible it was even if it was meant to be a funny reincarnation of the equally funny but less terrible Right Said Fred version. I was really excited about this release but was so very disappointed by the lack of growth and maturity. It’s not even good sonically. I’m still trying to get through it in one sitting but that is proving to be next to impossible.
Only thing makin it not a zero is him dropping Life of the party, best somg he ever dropped
An amazing album ! One of his best albums to date. Drake never misses when it comes to his art !
Genuinely love this album!!!! It’s my fav project from him since NWTS. Definitely Aoty so far.
Amazing album, good beats and well crafted lyrics. Excellently produced kudos to 40 . Timeless album has that classic Drake sound that we've all come to expect so much better than that rambling Donda album from Kanye. Im so glad he's still making music this man is the GOAT! A lot of people hating on him on metacritic because of this reason thats petty S%^t. Interesting that the Critics give an honest review and the users just post some trolling biased junk which shows in the ratings, exactly opposite to the junk Kanye Donda album.
'Certified Lover Boy' is one of my favorite Drake projects to date and I've been a fan since before 'Thank Me Later'. I'll say this I don't feel like there is that one standout banger on this record, except maybe Way 2 Sexy or Girls Want Girls, but there are A LOT (somewhere around 10) of really good songs that are highly repeatable and are like lowkey bangers. Plenty of bravado, real talk, THE KANYE DISS, but less of the vulnerable Drake which kind of disappoints me but it is also a little refreshing at the same time. Solid project, great production of course, and to me this is his best album since 'Views' but I almost feel like its better than that even. He went from Degrassi to Drizzy to 'The GOAT' and this project just solidified his status as Legend. High praise for the 6god.
better than donda. drake at another lvl rn. Album is very relaxing, its a lot of good rappers on it. Drake= GOAT
WE OFF THE GRID GRID GRID THIS ALBUM MID MID MID. jk its trash, drizzy is washed and this only got a positive score from the critics because hes lightskin
I get tricked every time, Drake for the focus groups not the music enjoyers. He has bad the same album for over and over again. He is one of the most boring guys making music.
Very bland, and forgettable. It feels like Drake exclusively makes albums for his harem of instagram groupies, any adult listener will be put to sleep. "Fair Trade" and "Girls Want Girls" were the only songs I partially liked and even those were whatever compared to his old hits.Tldr; if you want to hear someone in their mid-30's trying to seduce 18 year olds over twenty songs that sound the same, you'll enjoy this record
If you like Drake then you'll enjoy this album, but it feels like Drake has hit a creative dead-end with his music. The features were lackluster for most of the songs (21 Savage and Future in particular), and it felt like Drake was half asleep when recording these songs. It's the same themes, same flows, and same beats we've heard for a decade now. There was little to no passion put into this album and that's clear from just the first listen, making any subsequent listens even less enjoyable. Hopefully Drake can turn this around with his next album as this and Scorpion were both disappointments.
Certified Lover Boy has a very cohesive and focused sound, it just happens to be a mediocre one like its predecessor. The first tragedy of this album was the horrendous album cover. The second tragedy was the music itself, as somehow it's worse than Scorpion. Look, there are some great tracks on here, there just aren't enough. I'd say maybe 2/3 of this album is worth listening to, especially the latter half when TSU starts. The intro is strong, and sets the stage for an incredible proejct, but the music afterwards just doesn't live up to it. The moment everyone heard "You're a lesbian. Girl, me too!" this album became a laughing stock. If you're able to get to Fair Trade and TSU then this album becomes a lot better after that point. A piece of advice to Drake, please listen to all of your music up to Views/More Life and go back to the drawing board, those are all great projects.
it’s just not good, it’s the same boring beat every song with nothing unique, special or enjoyable and the features don’t really stand out either. It’s not the worst thing ever created but I just haven’t found anything to enjoy about it
This CLB LP from Drake is getting a lot of unnecessary hate, it's a flawed, safe but solid project with great features, lyrics, and low-key, emotionally moving, and tragic songs. There's not that much else Drake can do at this point, he is at his pinnacle while also witnessing that he has limits as an artist too (but we'll see if he surpasses them in his next showing as this remerging rivalry between him and Kanye heats up again).
Not his best work but also not as bad as people have made out. A solid album
Quite boring mostly. Drake likes these atmospheric beats, but he doesn't have the songwriting skill to make them work. His lyricism is at times interesting.
Certified mid boy, drake dropped the worst album of the year.Ye literally won by a mile
was every song copy pasted ? lmao that is what it feels like.But im not giving a 0 just for the trolls.Some tracks were good but at the time you came to those tracks you already fell as sleep.The best tracks is were drake was serious and not his playboy style.
This album is as original as their cover pretty disappointing after all the hype
Drake sounds like he has nothing to prove on CLB - in a bad way. CLB is filled with nostalgic callbacks to soundscapes that defined prior projects in Drake's discography. However, the songs fail to stack up pound-for-pound in terms of quality, compared to his earlier LP's that brought prominence to Toronto's most commercially successful rap export. CLB is prolonged in length with too many fillers and too many songs that are carried by features that outshine Drake. The project lacks artistic progression, innovation, and fails to add another layer to Drake's portfolio. It also lacks innovation and lyrical potency - leaving the project soulless and yearning for any form of significance beyond an unnecessary, irrelevant, and soon to be forgotten battle between a project released a week earlier.
Few good songs on this album I mean the premise and the theme is there and it's good just the executions seem redundant and the same. Pretty sure Drake is just not even trying anymore and has run out of ideas (Way 2 Sexy Song ... really). I am not sure how his loyal fans are letting him get away with half the songs on this album and the lyrics (Girls Want Girls -say that you a lesbian, girl, me too) are we really letting this man get away with some of the laziest cringe lyrics? This album pretty much confirmed to me that Drake lost his hunger and passion and isn't even trying anymore. He can definitely do better than this I don't understand how people are defending this album
NopeNope NopeThis is one of the safest blandest and most boring records I've heard in a minute
Just listen the album, no more explication (but i prefer to not hear it). Drake should take a little bit more serious his legacy, rather than make money, at least one time
Admittedly superior to another recent major rap release and an improvement over his last full-length effort (though only slightly so in both cases), "Certified Lover Boy" unfortunately largely finds Drake continuing to spin his wheels artistically despite a handful of standout moments, with patchy production and increasingly weak, sloppy flows sounding plain lazy stretched out across the record's bloated runtime.
Same old formulas that Drake has been using for a while. Feels void of inspiration or an artistic vision.
in the words of Drake's"IM UPSET"disappointed is not even begins to describe how i feel about this Drop.CLB makes Scorpion sounds like album of the DecadeWTF happened
Repetitive, mundane and underwhelming. There are a few solid songs and the production on them is good. Some clever lyrics too but...Sadly, this was very disappointing.
Literally just scorpion minus the bangers Unbearably corny writing makes drake look like a fool more often than not.
"Certified Lover Boy" is an album that does not offer much in relation to his previous works, rather it is similar to them. I will always say that "Views", "More Life" & "Scorpion" are and will be his best albums, obviously without detracting from his other works because in one way or another it is Drake's work and everything is good, but there is one better than another.
Uninspired. I couldn't help but notice some of his most zealot-minded stans gave it a perfect score. Think about zwhy they would do that. How disingenuous.
Great for when you can't fall asleep at night. Boring, uninspired, clearly just a cash grab off the donda vs clb hype
I guess he's foreshadowing his master plan of impregnating at least 12 nationalities. Hypergamy is a thing, and he can find 12 women who would share him. That's not impossible at all given his status. That's the kind of world we live in.
Super disappointing - boring, nothing new, no progression. The production is ok, the lyricism was lazy.
After listening to this album 20+ times it's confirmed it's just not hitting for me. One or Two tracks grew on me but for the most part it's just missing that "it factor" that all other Drake albums had. imaginatively… Drake flopped. There’s no inspiration on that album. Just an ego-boosted flex of what he did and who said what to him..newsflash nobody really cares about his repetitive bars, unnecessary tracklist. It’s not good. Numbers don’t equal great music. This has been the same Drake for 8 years and just feels like we've been cheated and scammed with the lack of effort.
Makes me sleepy. Surprised there isn’t a single banger on this. Non-“album” drake is so good. Yet when it’s album time he puts out underwhelming stuff. Can’t emotionally connect with this album at all.
Well, I expected more. I just hated the production the lyrics were OK. And I loved his flow
Total garbage, drake is a talentless turd! I could slice together a recording of my own farts in the morning and it'd be better listening than this piece of crap album.
Not the worst album, there is some absolute HEAT all across this album, but the best songs are the shortest songs, and the boring ones like 'In the Bible' are overly long and boring. Best songs are TSU, No Friends in the Industry, and Knife Talk.
Personally this album was trash compared to Donda, Donda was over hyped and was as good as I hope but this was a dumpster fire the raping was crap. He can’t rap all songs we’re bad except IMY2 that was pretty good but the rest
nem escutei e ja sei que é uma porcaria! stream plastic hearts by miley cyrus.
Massante e repetitivo. Drake não se reinventa e não formenta em nada a cultura com este álbum comercial e sonolento. Mas pelos samples de ótima qualidade merece um 40.
It’s hard to enjoy an album even the artist clearly doesn’t enjoy. Drake sounds so bored and tired the whole album. This is by far one of his laziest bodies of work yet. Most of the features are half-assed, and most of the production is lazy and identical throughout the entire project. And it’s hard to enjoy an album that has someone whining and complaining about the same stuff the entire 1hr and a half run time. There are very few good/decent songs, one of them being a song Drake isn’t even on—thankfully. Save yourself from falling asleep in boredom. Save yourself from wasting your time, and don’t listen to this half-assed, lazy, sloppy garbage.
i hate the damn album cover. the beef between Drake and Kanye really shows in these albums. CLB! "Papis Home", Pipe Down" and "7am On Bridle Path" were the stand outs for me. everything else felt off. his heart and soul wasnt in this album, almost as if he rushed it or second guessed himself. please go back to 2011 drake. this aint it chief
Nothing that kept me interested or looking forward to the next track. Despite it being shorter than Donda (and the comparison has to be drawn because it's everywhere at the moment) it feels like it were quite the opposite. On its own, it's a decent album full of decent songs that I could listen to as background noise while I'm working or studying, but nothing more
Great production, sample selection, and melodies. Has good mix of hype songs like 7am on bridle path and RnB songs like Race my Mind. It's what I want out of a Drake album.
Though the album has a few bangers here and there. At least half of the album consists of bland songs with boring delivery and/or lyrics.
Nothing we have never heard before from drake. Has some flat out corny bars but still manages to be enjoyable
Soooo boring. This isn’t the Drake we all know, specially since the album was pushed back many times.
Não há nada de novo nesse álbum. É cansativo e doloroso auvi-lo até o fim. Esperava bem mais do Drake
I don’t get the hype whatsoever? This sounds like any of his last 3 efforts and y’all continue to support him? There’s no growth, versatility..and it’s not even that good.
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
Certified Lover Boy feels like riding a circus ride rather than riding a rollercoaster. Featured tracks like Yebba's Heartbreak stand on it's own but fulfills the theme that Drake was going for, including other features like Rick Ross and Lil Wayne definitely improves the overall project (which personally could've been done a lot better).
I have never fallen asleep listening to something in my life but I guess there's a first for everything
**** pop album Donda sucked but after hearing CLB I find Donda a musical masterpiece
Huge disappointment from a long term fan. For me, drake hasn’t missed on a single album since Take Care, which is a substantial amount of work. CLB feels gimmicky and mediocre, huge regression for the boy. Is that what we should expect now that he’s independent? Would hate to think his past albums are more of a reflection of his label than him as an artist. None of the “greats” can seem to get it right these days.
Literally sounds like his last three albums. Don't go into this expecting anything new. DJ Akademiks falling asleep on live while listening to it is evidence enough, the whole album was boring. Worst Drake album of all time
In my opinion, this is probably Drake's most disappointing album yet. The first issue with this album is the cover art, designed by one of the best cover producers around, it is fairly uncomfortable to see that it is only emojis of pregnant women, and it looks rushed. Secondly, I had to point out the high use of autotune in some singles. Songs such as TSU, F****** Fans, and Girls Want Girls with Lil Baby, all contain an exceedingly high amount of autotune and vocoders, something Drake has never done this much. lastly, I want to address that this album took 9 months to release. 9 months? The original reason why it was postponed was because Drake had an injury. Compare that to other rappers, such as Pop Smoke, who is dead, had 2 albums out in the last 18 months, each with over 15 songs. Don't get me wrong, some songs are enjoyable to hear. Songs such as Fair Trade and IMY2 can be enjoyable to hear every so often. In my opinion, this is a weak effort from Drake, and I think this album isn't up to top notch for such a lyrically strong artist.4/10
I mean... it's not terrible. It has it's highlights, such as Fair Trade, which I loved, and Love All, which Jay-Z rocked the feature on. But there's also tracks like Way 2 Sexy, a terrible conglomeration of all the rap stereotypes, and Girls want Girls, which literally sounds like a parody of a drake song. The rest of the songs sound normal. It's disappointing, but not what you wouldn't expect for someone like drake, who has been doing the same thing since Views.
A perfect mixture of hard hits and slow bangers, Drake did well with this one.
Músicas ruins e genéricas como só ele sabe fazer não entendo como a crítica conseguiu avaliar essa bomba radioativa com um verdinho, mas pra falar a verdade eu imagino que o Drake tenha passado o cheque assim como tudo que envolve a música dele tem dinheiro por trás pq só assim ele consegue ter sucesso e algo pra se orgulhar que são os Charts e não entendi o auê todo com o donda pq no cbl também tem um estuprador condenado creditado em uma das músicas e ninguém fez esse auê todo como foi com o donda, vcs querem muito é uma pika no cu de vcs com essa seletividade toda e por fim vou pontuar um oldy: Donda é melhor e maior que qualquer coisa que o Drake tenha ousado em fazer na indústria musical, bjs da painho.
Same soft signing drake nothing special here there’s a couple of songs drake stays in his lane this album you would forget in a week
gave it a second listen this morning and its even worst , theres only one very good song, Fair trade, but one of his worst work so far. Hes been so focus on the beef with Yé that he forgot to actually put any effort towars the album
DONDA>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>DONDA BETTERDRAKE WASHEDDJ AKADEMIKS A D***RIDER
Boring… I’m sure it will chart well and score a couple of hits but it’s a tired formula. Not a lot pushing Drake’s music forward. If you’ve heard Drake joints in the last few years you won’t find anything new in this album
Drake's rapping doesn't land on this one, the bar "say that you a lesbian, yeah me too" just summarizes Drake in this album, super lackluster, production is boring and uninventful, the only good thing about the album is that some choruses are TikTok worthy, but the rest is bland and terrible.
Terrible album, it's the same thing drake has been pushing out for 6 years, how do people genuinely listen to this and say yeah this is itOnly 2-3 good tracks which are carried by the production rather than substance.
Very mediocre and dissapointing.I thought Drake would do better than this.
The album is mid.Tracks 6, 9, 10, 12, 14 and 18 are good. Most of the others are average.No real new flows, same old Drake, another playlist without a cohesive theme.
Drake stuck in his comfort zone... CLB sounds like a 3rd disc from Scorpion, which already sounded like a 2nd disc from Views. Evolution is necessary for an artist like Drake, who is at a crossroads at this point. Either he heads in a new direction sonically and thematically, or he will become a parody of himself. All in all, CLB is a bad album, which at a first listen, sounds like you heard it all before. Shame...
Sexto álbum da carreira e não inovou em absolutamente nada. As músicas do álbum não fluem uma com as outras, parece mais uma playlist. Merece 0 porque não tem como dar nota negativa
Champagne Poetry starts off as a spectacular intro, but after some eyebrow raising lyrics, stale production and whack bars, Certified Lover Boy does not meet my expectations. IYRTITL was the last time I actually enjoyed a Drake album, I hope he changes his style a bit for the next album. Disappointing.
Fair Trade is legitimately the only good song on this album. One of the only tracks where Drake actually seems like he’s putting in some effort. Remainder of the tracks had a bad or boring beat, features dramatically outshined a disinterested Drake, or both. Dude knows he could put out an album with no sound on it and it would get streams. Honestly, why try when that’s the case? Do you blame him? 1 star because Fair Trade is actually a top Drake song IMO.
zafan unos temas, drake se cae en la mitad de las canciones y lo carrean los ft.
Lazy, terrible tracks and even worst lyrics. The jay z featured track was good but I couldn’t add it to my playlist due to how bad drake was on it.Best tracks for me out of the lot:TSU7am on Bridle PathIMY2Every good thing must come to an end I guess. Drake is no longer the bar for good music
The track featuring Future & Young Thug is diabolical. If they'd abolished that tune I would've rated the album a 7.Drake doesn't take risks. The production is "classic" Drake, there's nothing that stands out as pushing any boundaries. Overall it's an easy listen and something I'd enjoy while driving or at a party, but this definitely doesn't sound like an album that took 3 years to make.Yebba's feature was beautiful.
Drake's ego sadly got the best of him on Certified Lover Boy. Where to begin - shall we discuss the lazy overused and dull production, the cringe and teeth grinding lyrics, the horrible and terrible samples, or the simple fact that it's not only Drake's worst album but one of the worst rap albums ever recorded. Clocking at a horrific 86 minutes, we are zooming out into obscurity while trying our hardest to enjoy the dump we are listening to. Out of 21 stinkers, only 2 tracks keep our attention, a laughable ratio. Do we even need to mention the album cover?
A dissapointement of a album, drake does not evolve he is afraid of the mistake
I really was excited for this album. I thought Drake would change up his material after the bloated and uninteresting Scorpion. I believed these for two reasons: One was the album trailer that announced a January 2021 release (that didn't happen). The trailer really hyped me up. Seeing Drake cover the album covers of Take Care and Nothing Was The Same made me think that maybe, just maybe, he would revamp his style and return to the quality and consistency of the aforementioned albums. Second was the postponing of the release. It also made me assume that the 8 more months Drake needed to release this was not only because of his ACL injury but also for improvements. Now we're here in 2021 and I believe this album is probably one of the most disappointing releases of the year.Drake announced that his next album after Scorpion would be shorter and more concise but this album is literally almost the same length, being 21 tracks and 86 minutes long. On the album, Drake makes me feel like he wasn't really trying too hard with his verses. Sure, some features are great like Jay Z on Love All, Travis Scott in Fair Trade, Yebba in Yebba's Heartbeak, Lil Wayne on You Only Live Twice and Kid Cudi on IMY2. But this these are barely anything in CLB's 21 tracks. Sure, the aforementioned tracks, first two tracks and No Friends In The Industry are pretty great songs but that's literally it. One track that literally wraps up the entire issue with this 86 minute mess is the song Girls Want Girls with Lil Baby. Instrumentally, the song's beat isn't really special, Lil Baby's verse is not that interesting yet he heavily outweighs drake in his verse, in Drake's own song. This especially shows when Drake gives his world famous line: Said that you a lesbian, yeah you too. For the rest of the album, most of of the instrumentals are pretty decent though not too adventurous, again, features outweigh Drake and the album itself is too unadventurous that by the tenth track, you're already in the verge of sleeping. Certified Lover Boy is a mess. it's unadventurous and it even feels more bloated than Kanye West's Donda despite being vastly shorter. But I'm sure Drake stans are gonna love this album so hey, if you are one, more power to you. 4/10.
Very good listen. Almost no skips for me, except for the Ty Dolla Sign collab and The Remorse. All the songs are very solid, with at least 5-8 bangers. The songs are sharp and the replay value is very high. My favorites: Champagne Poetry, N 2 Deep, TSU, Pipe Down, Fair Trade, You Only Live Twice, Yabba's Heartbreak, No friends in the Industry.Recommended.
there are like 4 tracks that are good, the rest is just the same, boring, kinda soul-less. this album was made for "top tik-tok songs you should know" videos
On my second listen through, i found a different appreciation for the project. I feel like beginning tracks come off strong, a lull in the middle, and a strong finish. Will continue to listen and see if my opinions change, but my immediate response is "its OKAY". Would give this a 7/10 but am bumping up my score due to the unnecessary amount of 0's
Very disappointing from an album that was pushed back so many months. Just the usual repetitive drake stuff. A few soul samples, a lot of whining over relationships and a few attempts at being hard, some which really doesn’t work well for him. Nothing more than 2 or 3 standout tracks cause for a 1h 30min project to feel very repetitive after just a half hour. Don’t get me wrong, it’s not bad, but it’s no where near impressive. Certified L boy.
Big let down. 3 years and this what we get? Any and all of your singles over the past 3 years were better than any of these songs.
Só jail do donda é melhor que esse álbum inteiro. Álbum lamentável, terrível!! MID, MID, MID, MID! Queria saber o que esse cara tem na cabeça pra ver esse álbum e pensar que tá bom o suficiente pra lançar kkkk. É um dos piores do drake.
All drakes haters giving him **** The first quarter is not that good however, the second half is great !
Nothing new, it’s just Drake. You can love him or you can hate him… That’s all.
Trash!one of the worst albums i have ever heard in my whole life....drake sounds like nav had a better pr team
Literally no growth, same Drake since 2018. He never tries anymore because he realized in 2016 no matter what he puts out people will stream it to the top.
The album is not bad, it's Okay. I like some of the songs on the album, but the problem is Drake cannot tell a good story. The story is bland and mid. Why do I care about this album in the first place if you I listened to this dude's past 10 years. Yeah, Drake best album to this date is Take Care. Certified Lover Boy is worse than last album Scorpion but also kindly better than the views. Yeah, if you are a big Drake fan, I recommend it, but the rest of us is No! (link omitted per site rules)
So bad noi ch We have sent a confirmation email to the email address you provided for your account. Please click on the link in the email to confirm your registration.
It’s not actively bad. But it also doesn’t really feel like it even tries to be good. It kind of just exists. The production is clean but feels lazy. So much of the album is formulaic, the tracks eventually just bleed together and form one giant nebulous Drake shaped cloud. Lyrically, the entire thing feels phoned in, save for a couple of features which consistently outshine Aubrey himself.Normally that would warrant a 5, but for an artist with as much experience under his belt as Drake, putting out an album almost entirely composed of filler feels like a step backwards, so it gets a 4 from me.Ironically, the only stand out track, in my opinion, is track 20 in a 21 track LP. **** Fans feels like a throwback to So Far Gone / Thank Me Now era Drake, which is a refreshing change of pace in the current landscape of Hip-Hop.
I listened to Donda thinking "Okay, great album but it's not so amazing, this should be easy for Drake to beat, let him drop CLB preferably with a good diss track that would destroy Kanye easily, sweet W for the drake fans"But Aubrey just had to embarrass me more. Dropped this 21 track mp3 faeces that is so bad I can't even compare it to Donda without feeling dumb. Look at me, back to bumping Donda cos CLB was an earsore, a torture device, an audio buttplug with spikes, an album that Drake should be ashamed of but obviously he's a shameless man, 34 year old grown ass man with a heart carved into his hair, dropping bars about how he's a lesbian cos there's no other way to rap about liking women without sounding like a **** demented retard. Not even lil yatchy will use a line that bad repeatedly as a song chorusI've finally given up on Drake except he calls this album a joke that it is and deletes it, not gon be hard to believe especially cos of that dumpster cover art of emoji pregnant women.Such a stupid project top to finish
Sounds like every other Drake album. I would have liked to hear more R&B or Pop in the album especially if the name is Certified Lover Boy. The features in this album feel forced and none of the beats are very memorable.
❤️❤️❤️ EXCELLENT ALBUM! Thank goodness for the gift of Certified Lover Boy! It was worth the wait. Although every joint on CLB has its unique appeal, some standouts right now include: TSU/H-Town appreciates Drizzy’s love. The Motown vibe of Champagne Poetry is EVERYTHING. Yebba’s Heartbreak is a hauntingly beautiful song, and Love All is the truth. Remorse closes the album in Drake’s inimitable style, and 7 am On Bridle Path is THAT song on every Drake album that delivers the fatal lyrical blow to slay the green-eyed (jealous) monsters and serves as a shining example of why The Artist of the Decade is a musical and emotional genius ahead of his time.
Luck's energy And Like freestyle tracks And Drake's Lowest album Quality the Album is similar to a quick project not a masterpiece, for a album that took to long to release
Is a mid album but a little repetive in the beats and too long (remove 2-3 song and the album is better) , CLB is overhated , very great tracks but lot of tracks is ****
Drake just keeps coming out with the same boring never evolving albums to keep his fan base broad because all he cares about is money. I expected more from this album after all.
Drake shoulda kept this trash, I could feel my ears bleed when he referred to himself as a lesbian
Overall, it's not Drake's best album by any means, but there are quite a few great tracks and features, and perhaps a few that will be considered classics down the line. GIVE THIS A SECOND LISTEN. I was disappointed by my first listen and gave it a 7/10, but upped it to 8/10 after my second.
pas de musique marquante, aucune prise ds risque, cover décevante. du gâchis vu le casting que présentais l’album. ou est l’ancien Drake?
Yeah, we should all appreciate J. Cole much more. CLB doesn't have radio/playlist "hits", nor any substance. Why did he release the 3 songs earlier, those 3 good songs could have turned this from below average to average. Maybe they didn't fit into CLB's concept...CLB's concept being: boring/trash/pointless
garbage like actual trash, dude has like 50 ghostwriters and still cant make a good album
An absolutely soulless and lifeless new album by Drake sounds sonically similar to many past albums and adds nothing new of value to his discography. If you want a boring, generic, safe hip hop album then this is the one for you.
His best album/project since Views in 2016. “Champagne Poetry”, “Papi’s Home”, “7am On Bridle Path”, “Race My Mind”, “You Only Live Twice” and “The Remorse“ are instant Drake catalog classics. The album gets better with every listen. This album may not sound cohesive but he shows off his elite flows and melodies throughout its entirety. The greatest rapper alive.
This was honestly horrible. Words can’t describe how boring it was listening to this album. I had to force myself to listen to it. Sounded like advanced lunch table rap. My guy Drake really spent all that time doing what? He also had the best advantages of features and still messed up. This honestly better be a joke because I know damn well Drake can do 100 times better than this. For those who said this album was fire need to go out and touch grass because I don’t think you know what Drake is capable of.
it’s expensively well-produced, like all of Drake’s albums, and easily likable with a decent batting average for a nearly hour-and-a-half record." ... Read full review
Um bom álbum, com um começo muito cativante, possui várias faixas boas e algumas monótonas, mas nada que chegue a ser ruim. Ótimas participações e produções impecáveis.
Lyrics: Below AverageProduction: AverageSongs: AverageReplay-ability: below AverageThis album was incredibly mediocre and boring, with the same old lyrics from his last 5 albums. I can see for a lot of his songs he tried to do some r&b type of thingy, but drake isn't a good enough singer to pull it off. Anyone who said this is a classic is probably 12 years old. I personally preferred scoripion.
Mid donda is better in every single way you can’t even argue with that
Drake is lame. This album is garbage. Same corny style. He is not an artist. Never evolves. Found a sound that worked and has stuck with that. He may as well made an album years ago with 100 tracks instead of dropping new projects with the same stuff. Sell out. Corny. Drake you need to retire you lamo
It is way too overrated. They are all skips. The old albums are way better.
Amazingly boring and uninspired: and I'm talking about the album this time. It's ridiculous how people take Drake as a serious artist and it's a reflection of how poorly we allowed music to deteriorate. Outside of the Kanye diss (7AM) the album shows a lack of creativity and growth which is a part of Drake's brand these days.
Excellent album. New sounds, a lot of classic songs. You have the rap songs like 7am in Bridle Path, No Friends In The Industry, Papi’s Home. You have the hits like TSU, Way 2 Sexy. You have the R&B like Race My Mind and Get Along Better. This album has everything you could ask for. I could listen on repeat.
Don't let the biased users mislead you. This album is a classic and they'll start admitting it a couple years later like all Drake albums
Way 2 sexy is a perfect theme song for this album. Not because its sexy, but because the whole thing is just as god awful.
Listen, There are a lot of white boy Kanye fans putting together after school clubs to come and down rate the album on purpose because they think worshipping Kanye gives them the culture they didn’t get when they popped out their middle to upper class moms p* and were promptly squeezed into a Hollister onesie. CLB is a pretty good album and I was excited to hear Drake get back to rapping a bit more. I would say the album is classic Drake with a mix of his recent experimentation of different cadences and inflections. The best song on the album, to me, is Get Along Better. Way 2 Sexy grew on me. I love a silly light hearted song especially after the year we’ve had and can’t wait to watch people just have fun while listening to it. The only song I can truly say I didn’t like was In the Bible. He felt off beat to me. It was a little hard to get into. Let’s end the dumb rap beefs, stop letting white men dictate yet ANOTHER thing in the world and get back to the music. The
Still not over the lesbian line, but other than that it's solid. Production on point, bars on point with a few exceptions, features on point. It's very Drake though, as in it's almost like you've heard the demo of all the tracks before. Basically comes down to if that's a sound you like or not. I enjoyed it, would definitetly have vibed it all through the summer had it been out.
Disappointingly underwhelming and boring with an awful taste for an Album Cover.People are delusional if they believe this album to be an amazing album. Lets break down album from production to lyricism and features.Production:The production was, for the lack of a better word... mundane. The way the beat carries the singer is just awful. The way this album was produced sounds like they just added his voice into a beat and just went with it. You could actually just play high hats and snares and it will make 0 difference. It was agonizing going through the whole album having to listen to the production. This is a wasted potential using producers such as Metro Boomin, someone who produces great works of art. Using over 30 difference producers and managing to make this album sound like dog water.Lyricism:The lyrics... Jesus Christ.... yeah say you're a lesbian, Me too... was the most interesting lyric in the whole album and the album is over an hour long. The only highlight is his Kanye diss. How petty, and boring can you be to have those two as your magnum opus for the album.Features:This was a facepalm. The fact that Drake is using someone from the same label as Kanye shows that the beef between the two is fake. that 21 Savage feature was an absolute waste not once did he adlib "21" or "straight up" which is a great indicator that the song is going to be fire.All in all. This album is as trash as the last 3 albums. The only reason why the album gains so much streams and supporters are the die hard Drake fans and his beef pertaining to Kanye.
CLB is more geared towards this Back Outside Movement Nothing really stuck to me personally but a few joints. (IMY2,No Friends in the industry, Champagne Poetry & Way 2 Sexy ) Just because its a funny playful record. i Have much respect for Drake but respectfully this doesn't top Scorpion. Waiting For The Next Drop......
Would say most drake fans like myself wanted old school drake music again and this album is that. He delivered on what I expected. Love the opener, gave me tuscan leather vibes and the outro The Remorse is also amazing. Minimal skips but doesnt seem to have many hits.
My favorite part of this album is when he calls himself a lesbian on girls want girls.(rating a 2 because knife talk goes hard)
Another solid album. Lots of layers and lots of fam service. The Boy did his thing again.
80% of this album we have heard 10 Million times by different artist, 10% of this is straight trash. With songs like 2 sexy which I would rather kill myself than ever listen to that garbage a** song again. There are 1 or 2 decent songs on here but overall just a complete lack of effort & passion. Drake really need to grow up he is almost 40 years old & is still acting like a high school kid talking about sex & how cool he is. This style of music is dying & real music lovers will never stand behind such a shallow album. I feel like drake is just laughing in our faces & running with all of our money. Pathetic effort Aubrey you should just invest in real estate & retire if this is the music you are going to give us!
Not enjoyable at all. Its all the same flows. Drake’s a 34 y/o and look at his hairstyle. I mean you can ofcourse expect a “girl you a lesbian,me too ayy” from this guy. Drake sucks. He cant ever recover from his Pusha T beef. And his fanbase have 0 taste in music
Donda was better. Drake didn’t bring anything new to the table that we didn’t hear in 2018 with scorpion
Mentioned by my previous comment by somehow disappeared. Great production. Great music
Provavelmente o pior álbum delePouco efetivo, mais do mesmo. O problema é que isso já faz 5 anos que lança a mesma coisa com nomes diferentesPior ainda é a critica amaciando pra forcar que essa bosta é melhor que o Donda
2016, was the year Views dropped, and a realization of decline in artistry is what started to become evident. Never have I thought it would be 5 years of consistent laziness. Of course, he’s going to sell, he’s Aubrey Graham, one of the biggest names the music industry has ever seen, but what other fans need to understand is, sales and streams do not justify the quality of a record. You have the same formula with deep cuts, a few songs for the airways and radio, the slow R&B like ballads, and some fillers that didn’t need to be on the album, along with basic and tacky wacky lines such as, “keep it a buck like Antetokounmpo” in reference of Giannis and the Milwaukee Bucks. It sounds good of course, but it’s the same sound we’ve heard for half a decade now. One of the all time greats is revealing how bland he’s becoming and he won’t change.
Easily Drake's weakest album. It's almost sad to see how someone who has gone from covering Lykke Like songs, is now sprewing "Say that you a lesbian, girl me too." Some songs are bangers, some are fun to listen to, but the whole album sounds uninspired.
I have no love for this! It is a certified rubbish track, dreadful compared to drakes previous albums and featured tracks.
the return of the 6god!!! except it's like a stinky pile of leftovers from the culmination of views and his more recent projects, except more bland, uninspired, less creative, and overall just plain lazy. drizzy drake is carried by featured and it does have a banger or two for sure, but overall pales in comparison to just anything in the industry is just boring, sleep-inducing, and not his best in terms of productions. scary hours and dark lane demo tapes are levels above. the only industry this would survive in is for sedatives. this will most likely age horribly and will be outshined by his next project, in which the 6god will hopefully actually try to do something new.
Drake is an audience artist. This LP has a lot of hits like any other one of Drizzies. Lyrically it is very basic with some cathcy lines here and there but nothing special. It is an hour 26 minutes long with plenty of good music in it ,but as i said it's very basic stuff with some really good songs (Maybe 3-4)Favourites :Champagne PoetryLove AllFair TradeIn the Bible
I created an account just to review this album for how bad it was. Aside from Champagne Poetry the entire album is boring and uninspiring. Drake is one of the greatest artists of the 21st century and seeing him release such a basic record was truly disappointing. Oh and the album cover is corny too. For the love of God do better on your next album Drake
Lacks imagination, a copy, and a paste of previous work. The album carried by samples and features I had to listen to this in small doses as Drake's own tone became monotonous. No real memorable track and the first single drop Way to Sexy was the worst track to drop as first single. He had bars for days, will give him that but everything else seemed done before which made this work quite lazy.
This is the most boring **** ive ever listened to. Not a 0 because 2 Sexy is a good Future song. He is constantly outshined by his features. Drake will be drake but this is a little too drakey. Trash
I was extremely excited for DONDA and CLB to come out expecting better than both their last albums, but I was disappointed with both. It feels like they are both at a point where releasing new music is just another payday for them. Their names are big enough to sell even if the music isn’t good.
He really needs to mix it up and do something different on the next album. There are some songs I will go back to because I love Drake, but this thing put me to
I think Drake thinks we are stupid, CLB is another mediocre album , a recycled Drake, same tones same flows no diversity and no respect for hiphop. He's a decent mumble rapper. his substance is dated, i was disappointed by his offering , he sounded so lazy.
Drake entrega um album completo porém é mais do mesmo. Suas letras passeiam entre falar sobre família, responsabilidade, seus inimigos e suas vitórias. Contudo o material final é apenas mais um feijão com arroz bem feito. Ouvir qualquer material do artista depois de 2015 e ouvir o CLB é a mesma coisa. Um projeto sem alma. A produção do album e ótima e trazem colaborações de respeito (que por sua vez roubam a cena em cada som, fazendo com que Drake seja apenas um coadjuvante o que não é bom em minha opinião). Sons metálicos e abafados preenchem as músicas trazendo mais uma vez um bom material mas que não supera as expectativas colocadas sobre o projeto.
Las críticas de expertos no valen para nada, todo se mueve por afinidad política. Más nota que Donda jajajaj. Es una basura, para dormir a las ovejas.
It’s a good album but it’s Drake so peeps will hate lol. Favorite songs No Friends in the industry, 7am on Bridle Path, Champagne Poetry, TSU, Fair Trade, YOLT & IMY2.
Drake no necesitaba colaborar con nadie en lo absoluto pero es innecesario escuchar los ft con artistas sin talento que nadie conoce pero igual sigue siendo mejor que Kanye ****
CLB was exactly what I was expecting from Drake. A mix of toxic masculinity mixed with battling the feats of being the peak.
Quite literally the worst album I ever heard. Drakes new music is so bad. He only makes songs for the radio now and they aren't that good.
I understand if this isn’t the Drake you were hoping for. However personally what I admire and love to hear from Drake is his incredible versatility and ability to create an album with songs for any mood I may be in at the time. Upon first listen I didn’t like many of the songs, upon second listen they started to grow on me, and by the third listen I started to really appreciate the album from his clever lyricism in 7 am on Bridle Path to the soft sad melodies in Yebbas Heartbreak. Upon first listen it gets a 5, two weeks later I am giving it an 8.
We were all expecting this to be horrible. But no one was expecting this bad. It’s truly ear grating and horrifying to listen to. If I hear drakes voice just one more **** time this year I will cry.
Drakes sixth studio album gets too much hate. Most of them Kanye fans which I understand why they would be angry (its not gospel) anyways this album has great features nice beats and in typical Drake fashion his lyrics and versatility mix well into most songs on the album. That being said this album isn't perfect, but it isn't as far off as people say.
This album’s overhated. But don’t get me wrong, it’s bad. Boring, drab, unenthusiastic, uninspired… what else can I say? On no song on CLB does Drake take any artistic risk - every song sounds like Drake, in a bad way. It doesn’t sound like hungry, motivated pre 2016 Drake, it sounds like petty, pathetic, lazy 2016-present Drake. The production on this album, considering how big Drake is, is terrible. Not once did I hear a beat and think “Damn, this is cold.” The lyrics are… abhorrent. In what world is “Say that you a lesbian, girl me too.” a good line? Of course, this album has highlights, though. Fair Traide, Yebba’s Heartbreak and You Only Live Twice are nice little songs that do prove every cloud has a silver lining. Other half-decent songs like 7am On Bridle Path stop this album from being terrible, but 7am in particular just has boring flows and unenthusiastic delivery, despite the semi-impressive rhyme schemes (which were probably ghost written anyways). Songs like Way 2 Sexy and Girls Want Girls are embarrassing. How can the biggest hip hop artist of all time release such trash? Drake on CLB does what many rappers have done for a long time - display his insecurities. Drake claims he isn’t shaken by the hate he got for hiding Adonis, and yet pathetically mentions the occasion multiple times on CLB. CLB also fails to add any meaningful insight into Drake’s fatherhood, which many were expecting; wrongly because in no universe will Drake ever release an album with depth more than a kiddy pool. Overall, Drake doesn’t deliver a terrible album: CLB has its highlights and it’s not completely irredeemable, but the boring flows, terrible lyrics, unenthusiastic delivery, mediocre production and lack of any conceptual value places CLB as an album at the bottom of Drakes discography and testament to how Drake has cared less and less about his music.
Drake is a lesbian.But for real tho, this album feels so underwhelming it's not worth hearing it if you are not searching for the most generic rap pop hip-hop out there, it's been some time now since Drake stopped trying and I was certainly hoping for a better comeback, I don't know if Drake will ever try again and I doubt it, Drake is so comfortable releasing stuff that will make number that he refuses to make something that resembles his beginnings, the first two tracks of the album gave me hope, but the rest of the album is so predictable and empty, is music without a soul or real feelings, he now writes songs that are unremarkable, forgettable and lazy. Lacks a lot, but specially quality, for me it feels like listening to some random generic rapper who makes bland music. If you like Drake, listen to Nothing was the same, because he was damn right.
No it's a bad album. Donda > CLBTop 3:-Love All ft. Jay Z-Fair Trade ft. Travis Scott -No Friends In The Industry
The most very overhyped album (this year) other then hall of fame by Piano g
CLF Really sucked i was expecting a good album. only has one "nice song" called Way 2 Sexy. The rest of the album is just tiktok esque cringey songs. The Old Drake was wayyyyyy better.
generic lyric with dump production and worst lead single he choose for album he try sing but cant do it this should be mixtape not an album wbk his local rapper with boring a$$ songs
The highly anticipated "Certified Lover Boy" from superstar rapper Drake who I used to be a huge fan of back in 2016, has proved to be... almost complete garbage. Seriously, Drake is just lazy at this point since he reached a point where he doesn't have to care anymore and he's just going to make sales because his name is on it. The album has a long run time at almost 1 and a half hours which if you ask me is an absurdly long runtime just to fill it with **** it pretty much wasted the most precious part of my day, waking up at 4pm and putting on new music to listen to while I grind something on PlayStation. The album, out of its runtime, is horrendous for about ! hour and 21 minutes of it, with the only decent to good tracks being "Champagne Poetry" which gives me heavy Tuscan Leather vibes for some reason and I thoroughly enjoy the track. The other being "7am on Bridle Path" which is also a decent to good cut from the rapper. I can't even talk about any of the rest of the tracks because of how bad they are. If i were to sum up the other 19 tracks, it would just be as lengthy as the album and all it would tell you is how poor the tracks are. So to summarize it, all the other songs are terrible and this is easily the worst project we've gotten from the "6 God". Really after this album, he really hasn't put out anything good since, might as well call him the "Mid God" at this point. Really if Drake put as much time and effort as he did into those 2 aforementioned songs and did it for every song on the album, and made it shorter because I think this run time is pretty lengthy and tedious to get through, I'd have no problem giving the album a higher rating, but the problem is he didn't so I will not, and I will probably never return to this album aside from those 2 songs. If I ever return to this album, it's either ironically to make fun of it or I've just declined and turned stupid.Oh and that album cover... what the **** drake, are you good bro? not music wise though because we already know he isn't good in that way anymore1/10Favorite Tracks: Champagne Poetry, 7am On Bridle PathWorst Tracks: Papi's Home, Girls Want Girls, In the Bible, Love All, Fair Trade, Way 2 Sexy, Race My Mind, Fountains, Get Along Better, You Only Live Twice , IMY2 (Ft. Kid Cudi), ****ing Fans, The Remorse, TSU, N 2 Deep , Pipe Down, Yebba's Heartbreak, No Friends in the IndustryKnife Talk
Had like 2 good songs. Fair trade was saved by Travis Scott, and Get Along Better is Ty Dolla $ign’s song. Album is bloated with Ghost writing and generic trap beats. Album cover is lame
The most praise I can give this album is that there are maybe a few GOOD songs on here but the majority of the album is good to listen to if you just want to zone out and get some work done. This is one of the most inoffensive rap albums I have heard in a while.Favorite Songs: Way 2 Sexy (with Future & Young Thug)Least Favorite Songs: I'd have to listen to it again to remember and I'm not sitting through an 1.5 hrs of Drake again
The only thing i like about this album is probably the future and the travis scott features. It feels like an repetitive audio book on most of its run time. Just drake being mid nothin new.
It demonstrates how sonically rigorous even the most casual, tossed-off Drake songs are. But its storytelling doesn’t always hold up to strict scrutiny. «Certified Lover Boy» is his least musically imaginative album, the one where he pushes himself the least in terms of method and pattern.
When I first heard this album, I found it extremely boring and a repeat of older Drake albums. However, 'Certified Lover Boy' has grown on me a lot.The variety of tracks considering it is a Drake album is intriguing, and the best and most interesting track in my opinion was 'Fountains' with a Tems feature.I do not like the cover art of this project whatsoever, and the album was overall underwhelming. However, it provides lots of listening opportunities and will no doubt be remembered, either for positive or negative.
Generally think this is an over-hated album by Drake, while I think this album was a bit disappointing in some spots, the features, aside from Durk, were generally hits. I like a handful of these songs such as IMY2, Cudi and Drake make an excellent duo who complement each other very well. My problem with this album is that some songs could have been left off of it, it was too long in length, and didn't do enough to keep my engagement for all 1 hour and 26 minutes of it. Overall 6/10, room for improvement.
This album is Utter garbage that mutt drake should just do the world a favor and off him self
After listening to Drake's hyped sixth studio album "Certified Lover Boy" you are kind of disappointed. Although the record's first half starts promisingly with some good songs, numerous strong features and a sonically impressing production.But Drake seems resistant to any change, because he sticks to his formula, which is why his works keep degrading since his 2016 album "Views". On top of that, "CLB" lacks versatility of his previous albums and it offers nothing new that we don't already know.Overall, "Certified Lover Boy" is pretty monotonous, boring and just overlong (similar to Kanye West's "Donda"). Probably Drake's worst album to date. 6 out of 10.My favorites:"Way 2 Sexy""Knife Talk""Fair Trade""TSU""N 2 Deep"~ FürstenbergJanuary 29, 2022
Drake doesn't seem to have found a direction on this one. He's been sticking to the same damn sound since 2015, and this album is almost no different from his previous in terms of sound. However his features, especially Kid Cudi, Travis Scott and Rick Ross perform great on this album, which is why I'm bumping it up a bit. However to be able to listen to Drake's performance I have to bring two energy drinks on the bus with me. The ride takes about 15 minutes. This album is not good.
I don’t know what I was expecting but I was expecting something that wasn’t this.
Just wasn’t there for me. Lots of skips, I could never really get into the songs on the album. My favorites were TCU, fair trade and no friends in the industry which were all solid songs but the rest was mid or worse. If someone is looking to get into drake definitely just listen to his older music.
Gets washed by every feature. 0 cohesiveness on the album and is a retread of all of his old stuff but just done really badly.
One Of most ''Drake'' album of drake,have some hits and some chill songs,think is a good project,
The fact that not a single critic is willing to give this record a negative review is concerning.
People trashing HN must have never listened to this one. This is pure trash and generic and lazy trap tracks.
If it weren’t for the features this would be a 1.Also “said that you’re a lesbian, girl, me too” is quite literally a **** Chris Chan bar.
Most songs sound so dull like they're intended to only hear in nightclubs in the background. However, some songs made me want to hear this album again. Besides, i don't usually listen to Drake, but i like most of his singles from like the mid 2010s, so i was like "might as well give one of his albums a try". This is certainly going to need more in-depth listens before I even know how i feel towards this album. Also, i never listen to male singers, so this is a first of me.
There are a few songs that I actually enjoyed alot (IMY2, You Only Live Twice, Fair Trade, Way 2 Sexy, and N 2 Deep). Although most of these songs lack energy, they still sound pretty decent.
It sucks ass it killed my grandmother and it made my crippled friend who is disabled from the waste down to stand up just to turn this **** off certified lover boy more like certified stinky boy
(censoring myself 'cause I aint risking shii) I rarely/barely review albums but I feel like this one deserves one... in all the wrong ways possible.This was actually so much torture to my ears that our favorite lsbian artist Drake actually made me feel uninterested in life after departing from the record, altough I felt relief that it was over, the Certified Boy Lover himself would later haunt my dreams with the expertisely captured theme of BOREDOM, like I thought my everyday life was boring, this album makes it (my life) seem like a grand finale to your favorite film.Drake seemingly confesses to us that he is a lsbian in the line that goes sumthin like, "you're a lsbian, girl? me too", now although I am not a lsbian myself, I would not let this man/woman into my community if I was on the receiving end of this. This is a horrendously boring record with no effort from Drake whatsoever, the features carry this man like was done to my grandmas body after she was found dead in her apartment (rest in peace). Every song sounds like a trip, not like a Travis Scott trip - no - like I was trapped in a room, force-fed to listen to an album and am suffering from the side effects type trip.Don't even compare this man to Kanye, or ya'll are a disgrace to the face of this earth. 2/10 (all that score going to the features)
great rollout and you can see how he was making this album better from listening party to release, i think it's not half done and long song endings are just ye thing. you can feel how your feelings change through listening
Insanely good music. Kanye West is GOAT. The sky is blue. Every song is at least an 8.5 (with 5 of them 10 imo). His best album i dare say, even better than MBDTF. When people listen to it they’ll go mad, great features who all do equally well and sing sick verses/lyrics. Kanye West is a genius, he creates beautiful songs that blend in well and transition into one another, compelling storytelling, the type that hooks a listener and makes them not get old of it, The best song is 100% Kanye West’s best song OAT (bold statement i know) I’d say they’re all in his top 30, a few in his top 10 and 5.999999999/10
One of Kanye's best albums. Such a beautiful and introspective artwork deserves the hype.
Terrible. Compared to his previous albums, this is just a mess of boring beats and nonsensical lyrics. Huge downgrade from his past work. I died inside when i was in the middle of listening to it, and it had to force my way through it.
This is just a bit rubbish in all honesty. i could accept this drivell if it revolutionised music in any way shape or form. Unfortunatley this ablum, though quirky, is no revolution 9. it's just a lazy cash grab that only fails to enforce the edgy character that kanye trys to push.
This is the horrible álbum of the year. This songs of all álbum is desaster
The most overrated artist of all time. His last good album was a decade ago.
I think it's a pretty solid album. Songs are catchy, the production isn't anything crazy and it may be a little simple, but it works. Lyrics are also decent. Overall, I think it's a pretty solid Kanye album, but I don't think Kanye wanted to take risks with this one.
This album has strong production and features accompanying West's performances, keeping listeners gripped consistently. It is cohesive in terms of themes, discussing struggles, losses, redemption and new beginnings throughout... a step-up from Jesus Is King, I recommend this for any rap fan.
It's a really good album. The album was released at the hardest time of his life, and for that reason, sincere lyrics are included in the album. The proper harmony of the featuring and a new musical attempt show the value of this album.
I'm not even a Kanye fan and that was one hell of an experience I listened to him in the older days but now that I go through his discography I am super impressed if you rate this album bad it's probably because you're expecting him to stick with his old sound but we we are evolving and I love it I love that kinda music that can't be compared to anything else just so outlandish that catches my attention that's how you stand out ignore the critics and unlock a new sound
He deserved, great album because it’s something diferent. The art and styles is unique, thank you kanye very cool
This album, for real.Have something to heat your heart, i never listened to anything like this. It’s simple perfect.
Kanye got the most out of his features. The sounds and topics that went into this project are absolutely amazing
Definitely not best Kanye album but it is not a 0 or a 6, a 7 is a good score for this record
Best album I've heard in a while. Can't say this is the best album Kanye has made but to me this is the most memorial album I've hear in a while. I'll be listening to this for the foreseeable future. Not to mention what's happening in Kanye's life is also having an impact how I view his music. Watching his Sunday service has brought a lot of meaning to me personally. For once I'm listening to something that isn't about "getting into the game" or "get rich or die trying". There's a lot of humility and love in his lyrics of repentance, not making it about yourself but serving bigger than yourself and being honest. Many critics I read either have an issue with his past, Marlin Manson in the album (for real? 0 stars when you gave him 3?) It sounds more that people don't trust Kanye and very quick to call him a nut because it's just easier than trying to understand. I think he's going against the grain and I know he ain't no saint. But this is art. This will talk to many people who are going through a lot. A message about hope to even those who are considered damned. God forgives and don't play favorites.
Donda is a culmination of various Kanye styles: JIK, TLOP, and yeezus. It is not his old school style of MBDTF that many will swear by as the only good version of Kanye. However a new style of music must be evaluated separately. This music cannot be reviewed solely on depth of lyrics or strength of production. One must listen to the track without any prejudice and take it all in. With this in mind there are many tracks including come to life, no child left behind, moon, and 24 that have left me at a loss of words simply by the movement of the music and melodies. Some would call hurricane, junya pt. 2, remote control, and new again repetitive but after a few listen one can realize that the reason for the chorus is so that the listeners can easily catch on and shout the lyrics. The all around category include songs such as jail, Jesus lord pt. 2, pure souls, keep my spirit alive, lord I need you, off the grid, and praise God hold replay ability and are songs for most settings and also include lyrics that makes one think on one verse for the rest of the song. The only reason this is a nine and not a 10 we’re the oddly placed percussion on many of the songs. Basic kick bases that don’t add much to the song or a lack of classical drums that would add greatly to the atmosphere of some songs. Also it would’ve been a little more complete if there was at least one song that relied heavily on lyrics where Kanye thought out a vision for the song and took a lot of time writing introspective lyrics. However, the overall “vibe” or atmosphere of the album is one that I continue to listen to over and over again.
A step up from 'Jesus Is King'. The level of artistry displayed in this album is fantastic, with several breathtaking moments all across the album. However, there are a few duds thrown in there, and the mix and master doesn't sound complete at all. This is probably due to Universal releasing the album without his permission though. Overall, a solid entry into Ye's discography, with some gorgeous moments on it...8/10
Great album. Jesus Lord part 2 is a top 10 Kanye song. Some mixing could be better and the pop smoke song is unpleasant, otherwise a generally great album.
Kanye is a genius, no doubt. The production kinda lack of something idk. But overall a 9/10 album.
Donda its a complex journey of songs that are different from each other and i think this point it's as the same time the most criticized by some people (omitting the controversial actions of the artist to criticize the album by some media)So I think that with the passage of time this album could be better valued as it happened in the case of Yeezus.9/10
Donda, after the recent cancellations of Yandhi and DNDA this is something very acceptable to any ear, varying between Trap and Gospel, the latter being for which people make it look like a bad album, tracks like Jesus Lord, No Child Left Behind or 24 would not work without Sunday Service, tracks like Off the Grid and Heaven and Hell are collaborations that have not felt so alive since TLOP, Donda is not a bad album, it just hasn't come out at the exact moment, we are not facing an MBTDF, we are facing the future.
We can take some tracks out and make it sharper but i absolutely enjoyed the album and I liked the risk Kanye took I personally would have never thought he would work with Fivio Foreign or baby keem so taking those risks and making the most out of it is impressive Beautiful piece of art for sure this could make a strong run for album of the year.
"Donda" is a beautiful tribute to his mother Donda West and features some of his best work, such as Off The Grid, Come To Life, and Moon.
A not-so-cohesive collection of 27 amazingly wonderful songs. Melodic. Angelic.
Refreshing new music. Some songs hit harder than others at certain time but I enjoy them all.
What a rollercoaster. Influx of hits; he did it again. AOTD. JUNYA WATANABE ON MY REEEEEEE!!!
What a beautiful album! Very thought provoking, chilling, emotional, spiritual. Top 3 Kanye!
Donda > CLB Donda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLBDonda > CLB
"donda donda donda donda"I miss the old kanye. Ok, i like this album but he's now obsessed with Jesus, kim and his mother, Donda and that's ok, i think.
Its highs is goat material, but its to much to be perfect, impossible to have 0 duds on a 27 tracks album
Craziest rollout ever, with a body of work to match the hype. 27 tracks, no skips.
This album felt sooo long to listen too. Some of the songs has the same ideas making it feel like there’s duplicates and maybe a tripletes. It felt like listing to a compilation album instead of an acutely album. Jesus is king did a better job of timing than Donda. The only thing that’s stopping me from giving it a 4 is the songs, I can’t keep this songs out of my head and re-listening to it. Overall the album is a cluster **** but the songs are worth 24 souls to listen too.
Easily his best album since Twisted Fantasy. All these mediocre/bad reviews are about the artist, not the art
Kanye West's 13 album, Donda is a personal project. So obviously the album takes perspective of Kanye's divorce, his bipolar disorder, his mom and his faith in God. You can feel the Gospel influence in this, with sounds that transport you into a church, but stills sound like a typical Kanye project. There is a large list of contributors in this album, must of them are good and enjoyable.The problem with this album is probably the hype that surrounded it, 3 listening parties and big expectations on this one, so it probably feels kind of disappointing. In my opinion this album is poorly mixed and at moments it will fall out to the point that can be boring, this also can be explained because it's so long.Nonetheless it's still a good album, not the best of Kanye obviously, but still pretty nice.My favorites songs of this one: Jail, Off The Grid, Hurricane, Moon, New Again, Come to Life and Ok Ok Pt. 2.My least favorites: 24 and God Breathed.
A return to greatness for Kanye. The highs on this album are some of the best things Kanye has put out in a decade. Jesus Lord, Off The Grid, Come To Life, Heaven and Hell, Lord I needed you are all top tier Kanye songs.
This is a masterpiece. Ahead of its time - in 5 years it will be recognized as one.
one of the best works since Kanyes West TLOP, is an amazing piece of music , with feelings and moments you can feel in every song, a good tribute to Donda west
Album of the Year
Kanye's best. The production, the lyrics, the features, and the sheer emotion displayed by Mr. West makes this album a 10/10. Truly an album for the ages
Mejor que JIK eso sí, pero no tanto como TLOP o Ye.Tiene tracks muy buenos y valen muchísimo la pena, sin embargo algunos llegan a sobrar o hubieran podido quedar mejor.Si fuera un EP más corto de seguro tendría mejor recepción.
On “Come to Life”, a beautiful spine-tingling love-telling story off of Donda, Kanye sings about his desire for another life and wishing he had listened more to his wife, Kim Kardashian’s thoughts, dreams, and aspirations. He brings to light his mixed emotions about her presence and her absence while expressing how he doesn’t want to die alone without her specifically at his side.
Kanye makes a beautiful comeback with this masterpiece. Songs are definitely not meant to be radio-hits, but that´s the beauty of it. Kanye takes risks with this album and there are definitely some gems between the long list of songs. People just think it´s cool to hate Ye.
Pretty great album. Should have been shorter, I'd peak something like 20 tracks.
I’m all for incorporating cultural/historical/political context into a review and considering the artist as part of the work but I’ve yet to read a single review of this album that focuses on assessing the music more than it serves as a vehicle for the writer’s personal opinion of kanye west. The only way I can explain some of these numbers is by assuming that half the critics straight up did not listen to the album. Jail is excruciatingly beautiful. I teared up the first time I listened to it and it doesn’t really slow down from there. It’s a bit meandering in structure and I wanted more recordings of his mother because her voice is so powerful and the few selections he did include started to give a sense of what she meant to him & what her memory means to means to him at this point in his adult life with his divorce and very public psychological spiral, but he kind of abandoned that thread.overall this album **** rules. I’m not even gonna say anything about the Marilyn Manson/ da baby fiasco because i don’t think it’s worth defending and I’m not gonna jump on that bandwagon just to check a box but if you rly expected kanye to *not* intentionally piss everyone off... you’re being willfully ignorant. In 5 years or so when people are less absorbed in the current events aspect of its release and Manson (hopefully) faces some semblance of justice people will likely see this album for what it is: a glorious return to form and a sprawling albeit desperate masterpiece
This album is in another level of good music. It's fantastic. An amazing experience, You cry, you smile, you get euphoric. Songs talk about religion, depression, feelings, fame, racism and social issues. In fact got a little disappointed by the polemics with certain features and that gave me a little less incredible experience than it could've been to litsen to. Still, it's amazing. If early, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy was unanimously Kanye's best album, now, it's not. DONDA is maybe not better, but it's in the same level. 27 tracks and not a single one of them is bad. They're all great or above that. Ye just made at least one of his top 3 career albums, and proves himself as one of the greatest artists of all time.
Best rollout of all time, even tho I could live without “tell the vision” and “remote control”
No living hip hop artist can bring out so much raw emotion on tracks like Kanye can.His best work since yeezus, maybe even since MBDTF.
Kanye West's new album is the spirituality of Jesus Is King performed with the artistc aggressiveness of The Life Of Pablo.It is less wholistic than expected, given that the album is named after his late mother.Though there are some highlights, there are also some rushed ones too.Favourite songs: Hurricane, Jonah, 24, Moon, Jesus Lord
A complete disaster, it's a horrible album. Just a little proof that he is the most overrated artist of this decade.
Album is a combination of JIK, Pablo, with a sprinkle of Yeezus and even old soul sampling. When you have half the industry featured, with those features being at their top respective game, shows you how much work Kanye puts into this album to bring out the best in them. Should be album of the year, whole tracklist is full of replays (except for maybe Pop Smoke tribute + couple interludes). Production is always insane, with some of Kanye's best bars in a while. For an passionate, lifelong, OG Ye fan since 04 this is easily top 4 for me (which says a lot about his discography), along with Fantasy, Grad, and Pablo. On repeat for rest of the year EASILY
Take off Tell the Vision and the album would have been a 10/10. Love the whole rollout tbh
Greatest album of all time Greatest album of all time Greatest album of all time Greatest album of all time Greatest album of all time Greatest album of all time
Perfeito, os críticos estão forçando mas não adianta, só tá dando mais hype pro álbum bjs
People are really mad for some reason that this album is 27 songs long.bro just skip them.screw this di** swinging contest let the kids hear the music.-ye
on god this is the most beautiful album i ever hear, all featured artists sounds great, the choirs are perfect, kanye and his team delivered a real masterpiece who will influence our lives.
It’s official. I’ve heard enough. DONDA is officially the best album of all time. Kanye has literally saved my life by blessing my ears with this masterpiece. DONDA isn’t just an album, it’s a cultural reset, a reason to breathe, an escape from this cruel world filled with thieves. It’s art, the first gift you open on xmas, a hug from a loved one, everything you’ve ever wanted, everything you needed. All the suffering I've went through was worth it suddenly after listening to this
The album is generally good, but some fluff could be trimmed. Kanye fleshes out his ideas from Jesus is King and combines them with a more hip hop flare. The use of church organs give it that ethereal heavenly feel that leaves a lasting impact on the listener. Kanye seems to be more introspective on this album giving thanks to his mother and God the two people who have helped get to his superstar status. That’s why reviews that give this album poor scores because he’s “braggadocious” or a terrible person confuse me as they’re clearly written from someone who hasn’t listened to the album or from a Taylor swift fan with blind loyalty. Though this album is not without faults. The album is somewhat bloated. Five songs out of the 27 feel like they could have been cut with nothing lost. The second part to existing songs could have been cut or combined with the original versions. Tell the vision should have been cut because it adds nothing to the themes of this album, but I understand Kanye wanted to pay tribute to the late Pop Smoke. Secondly Kanye sometimes takes a back seat to his features, but those features are so good because Kanye pushes them to be good. Overall a strong album with great replay value
Another classic from Kanye, with great tracks like come to life, Hurricane and Jesus Lord.
DONDA > MBDTF, KSG, CLB, UTOPIA, CULTURE 3, BT3, MONTERO, KD2, THE OFF SEASON, AND CALL ME IF YOU GET LOST COMBINED
Beautiful piece of art, been listening to it from the minute it dropped. No skips, always on repeat. The mixing is kinda off, but nothing that cant be worked out. Let ye be ye
I was eagerly awaiting this, and I think Kanye has found his new stride and has delivered this epic thesis piece on the current Global Zeitgeist, Thoroughly Enjoyed, some tracks obviously stand out, Jail, Praise God, Jesus Lord, Off the Grid, Jonah, OK OK, there is so much variety and all still bang. I love this Kanye! I love the inside jokes too the album, feels cohesive but expansive, i love the fact he brought along an allstar feature list for this new chapter..
The abuse of that distorted bass in almost every song make you tired and makes the album feel longer.
its not his best work by far, but it is still pretty good. give it a try you will like at least one track
Such a weird project.First of all it is waaaaaayyy too long, it becomes tedious to listen to after a while, which takes away from the really great highs the album offers. Scrap 6 to 10 songs, get the album down to 1hr15. Due to the length the album feels incoherent and is incredibly prone to weird moments of disappointment. Like did this half-assed track have to follow those incredible previous ones (Junya contends for the worst song of the year). “Jesus Lord” is one of the best tracks Kanye ever made. It’s kind of the “Runaway” moment, it is so stellar and overshadows everything on Donda. Also please appreciate 24, my personal favorite, thats what the whole album should be like. Please do not proudly claim the greatness of donda when u hated on Jesus is king, yall hypebeasts suck the enjoyment outta everything. Donda is mid overall. Could’ve been worse though.Regarding the features: many of them are stunning and fit really well, but it is just too much. It takes away from Kanye, sometimes they absolutely are not supposed to be on a kinda gospel album (sorry Pop Smoke). “
Album of the year for me. One of the best projects he has made since My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Yeezus and The Life of Pablo.
Kanye delivers! Great features, melodies, and concepts throughout the album
The wait was worth it, this could very well be my AOTY. This album has incredible production and vocals mixed in with great lyrics, The pt 2 tracks didn't need to be there but since they're pretty much just bonus tracks it doesn't impact my review
ye's best álbum **** off swifters virgins i bate yall gon smoke some weed ir something yall boring as hell
His best work since The Life of Pablo! He's finally found a perfect balance between Jesus is King and Yeezus. Feels so good to be proud to be a Kanye fan again lol
Best album of all time, not even debatable Kanye hasn’t made a better album since yeezus
GOAT, this is what we were waiting for, i dont care the bad person he is, i only care his music, i love him as artist, this will be your son’s favorite album on god, separe the person of the artist and this album is dope, michael jackson do worse things and everybody loves him, stop being hypocrites, this album is from the future, this album is another culture reset on god,
If you don’t like this album, you must hate yourself and those around you with a strong passion.This is the music of life.
A true masterpiece from the GOAT Ye, some of his best tracks in a while, "Come to Life" might be a top 3 Kanye song EVER.
Donda is a masterpiece: a new sound in a thematically very packed time period for Kanye West, DONDA delivers on the promise of provoking emotions of grief, pain, sorrow, forgiveness and love. Only Kanye could get the [nearly] whole culture to feature on one album. It is indeed an “album for life” as it’s producers described it and not unlikely in my opinion a beyond amazing epilogue to an outstanding solo career.
#KanyeWest's #Donda is finally out!!!! Just so happened to wake up at about 6am to check my phone, when i found that it just dropped (on Sunday, the Lord's Day!) and instantly went into listening mode. What a journey from when he announced it a couple years back, or even dating back to #Yandhi being announced and pushed back many times. Loved all the listening events, made the album feel like a movie -- that 2nd event in Atlanta was particularly #incredible. Loved the instant announcement outta nowhere during the #NBAFinals with #NoChildLeftBehind" -- which garnered instant hype. #GreatAlbum. A great dedication to his late mother, a sign of his prison reform intentions (which explains some of the features on it). Fantastic production harkening back to Dark Fantasy on MBDTF & Yeezus, more-so the lovechild of #TheLifeOfPablo & #JesusIsKing. Hard to skip much at all, even with the bonus-esque songs at the end (which were either alternative or the original version of the songs... still wished there was another version of #Hurricane on the album as well). Hardly any skips. So many bangers, and i loved the overall emotion on it as well. Love #JesusLord so much, amongst other songs like "Hurricane" (which had a long journey in itself.... which reminds me the OG version needs to be released sometime later hopefully
It is stunning. The Production on this album is insane, the features are mostly good except for Carti and Thug, and some may have been improved. I think jail pt1 and 2 should be combined, both Dababy and JayZ had stellar verses that could easily go onto the same track. This album does suffer via length, with some lowlights such as Tell the Vision and Remote Control, but it's a blend of Gospel and Real Hip Hop seen only from the likes of TLOP. Believe What I Say is a top 10 Kanye West song, absolutely phenomenal. Amazing Album, if Jail 3 happens, Fivio replaces Yachty on ok ok, and Remote Control/Tell the Vision get removed, along with the Pt 2's, if any 2 of those happen (last is mandatory) it would be 10/10.
Kanye's best solo album since The Life of Pablo. Lyrically, it's similar to a better version of Jesus is King. Musically, this album is far superior. Sure, it's a little inconsistent and a little too long. There are a few filler tracks and some songs drag on for longer than they should. But the high points on this are absolutely amazing. Off the Grid, Believe What I Say, New Souls, Jonah, & Jesus Lord are all top tier Ye tracks. It's a shame that most of the major critics are looking past these gems and instead directing negative attention toward the presence of some controversial featured artists.
The great genius Kanye West delivers yet another masterpiece! This is easily the greatest album of the year, with the only potential competition being the next Limp Bizkit album. The lyrics are poignant and moving, and the music is beautiful and masterfully composed. I played this album for my atheist boyfriend, and he converted to Christianity.
great rollout, great album, its clearly an evolving project just like TLOP, and it will probably be better if it keeps evolving, rap AOTY for me.
This album is really good.Passionate and makes you cry.I reccomend it.This album is a 9- (8.75) for me.
This Album Is Amazing! I Don't understand why people hate it this album is Amazing!!
Just amazing and pure art. Metacritic is pure bs. Lol. Everyone knows Metacritic hate kanye. Do better, meta.
One of my favorite Kanye albums, deep and touching lyrics, TLOP is my favorite Kanye album taking into account all the sound of the album, Donda managed to have more striking lyrics
album perfeito do início ao final pqp eu te amo kanye west, valeu a espera
Let's get straight to the crux of it... This album in a lot of quarters will be judged will a lot of baggage Kayne brings to his projects from his dalliance with the republican party and his Maga wearing hat display. From his woefully misguided slavery didn't exist rant to including controversial figure Marlin Manson on this which already includes Chris Brown. I get it I am also not a fan of Wests work because of some of these reasons. I took a punt on listening to Donda with no high expectations. I was surprised how much I liked this album. Kanye's use of semantic satiation on Donda is a key reason for my fondness for this work. From the entrainment into repetition of the original word or phrase, which starts to break away from the meaning attached to the it, to a trance into something meaningless yet at the same time boundless a what transformation into #oneness death and rebirth all in the same space. Its fitting that he has used this technique of as the album deals with combination of structures/ forms relationship that have transfigured into something less tangible. At times it touches the ethereal realm of the classic Talk Talk Spirit of Eden and the confessional vulnerability of Marvin Gaye's Hear You My Dear.My Favorite track 24: loved the sample use of Shuggie Otis Island letter that blends in an out of the church organ like ripples of waves. Overall I don't see this as an hip hop album which a lot of judging it on hence a lot of negative reviews. I see this in a similar light to Michael Jackson Dangerous album especially side two which ambitiously tried to combine multiple genres of music. Once again I totally get why you wouldn't feel the need to bring you attention to a Kanye album but if you do go into it you might be surprised.
Lindo, apenas o álbum da vida, perceptível como o Kanye deu a alma e um pouco mais para essa linda homenagem a mãe dele
no words can describe this beautiful masterpiece you need to listen to it at least 4-5 times to fully comprehend the intelligence of ye
I loved it! This was noce experience never lostened something like this ever. The beats were on point and also the lyrics were mesmerizing. Kanye knows how to make great album. This is not album of the year, it is album of the century
Amazing Album, just a few songs that stop me from giving it a ten. I love the production and the features. Kanye brings some of his best verses and lyrics in a long time.
Incredible collection of songs. From jail to off the grid to keep my spirit alive to come to life, this album is FILLED with instant classics. Seeing the super low ratings have to only be a product of Kanye having Marilyn Manson and Dababy on the album. Don’t let external factors cloud your judgement, this album is incredible.
Seriously one of his best drops, is absolutely art. We are so grateful for blessing our ears like this
A variety of energetic , deep and at some points dark songs that make the 108 minutes worth it, excellent vocals, production and lyrics, in my opinion it is the album of the yearFor DONDA
A triumphant return to form and perfecting of previous album styles that is used to pay homage to his late mother and creating an album she would have liked from Ye
This album defines greatness. Kanye never stops making art that is impactful and insightful. Respect.
Listening to "donda" is a cultural reset, its the oxygen u breathe, a lifestyle, an escape from this cruel world filled with thieves, its an art, the first gift you open on christmas, hug from a loved one, everything u ever wanted.Thank you, Kanye West
With all of the uncertainty in features and versions over the last few weeks. The final version, although I personally prefer some other versions of specific songs, has broken through my expectations! Incredible music again
O ÁLBUM MAIS LINDO DO ANO! TE AMO KANYE, VOCÊ SALVOU MEU ANO COM ESSA OBRA DE ARTE.
Mó mitada do Kanye mano pelo amor de deus ele é o maior da geração sem duvida nenhuma
This album is a really good collection of songs that I think is worth a listen, My favorite songs off of this album are Believe What I Say, Pure Souls, New Again, Come to Life, Junya, Remote Control and many more,God Breathed sounds cinematicThe only weak part about this album is track "Tell The Vision" but other than that this is a great album, Kanye is a misunderstood and overhated figure in the music industry due to his past controversies and it paints him in a bad light because of that, When in reality it's not a true reflection of what type of a person he is.
A beautiful project (one more) from Ye, a beautiful tribute to her mother. (apart from a song, you know which one)
Honestly the best music experience of my life, made me rethink Kanye as a person and as an artist
Donda is a really good album. I really liked it. I’d recommend listening too it.
So great! It probably won't be the best album for you from the first listening, but give it a second chance and you won't make a mistake
I think Donda is a great album, it's perfect from the lyrics to the melody, it shows the person he is.
A tribute to where he is in life, Donda, and his faith. Donda isn't a perfect album by any stretch of the word but there was emotion, time and a ton of effort but into this album and you can tell.
I feel like this album is one of Ye's best works. It may not be as controversial as MBDTW or as revolutionary as Yeezus and 808s but this is an album that really feels spiritual and that represents who Kanye is as a person.There are some small things that bother me, like the censorship, some songs (and the album in general) being too long and how the tracklist is organized, but I feel like this is a very personal and honest album that talks about his family, his religion and how all of that is part of his life. The samples are amazing and the featuring artists, oh my god...We get some influences from almost all of his albuns and that is also amazing, we can really appreciate who Kanye is as an artist an it makes the album stand as the ultimate magnum opus of his career (sorry MBDTF)Also it was a fun experience watching the listening parties and opening spotify every 5 minutes to see if it was out for the past 2 months.Best songs:HurricaneMoonBelieve What I SayWorst song:Tell The Vision
possibly greatest album made by Kanye, from calm "no child left behind" to aggressive "off the grid" the beats and lyrics just sound so good
This album is complex and is a great tribute to his mother. Lots and lots of diverse tracks making this a nice album a nice listen from beginning to end.
The 10th studio release from Kanye West is an emotional homage to his late mother with whom the album shares name with. At the same time West continues to explore and rejoice in his faith in Christ. It’s arguably to long for its own good, but Kanye is no stranger to +7 minutes songs and this album has in my opinion no skippable tracks.
Too long and overrated. Most songs are just fillers and honestly Kanye hyped up his albums way too much and makes fans wait and wait. By the time the album finally drops it is unfortunately underwhelming.
Great album! It’s unfortunate that so many haters doesn’t listen completely at the whole album and just post 0 on this, anyways is a good album, great collaborations and a very good experience through the LP’s, also a very great job from Mike Dean, he deserve a lot of credits.
o álbum está de acordo com o que eu esperava,muitos feats e uma produção perfeita kanye west é um gênio
Álbum incrível, muito bem masterizado com ótimas líricas, Ye é muito avançado. Ótimas participações
Metacritic should remove Independent's pathetic excuse for a review. This album is amazing. It has some filler tracks but the high points hit so hard that I can forgive them. And btw the album ends with No Child Left Behind. The other 4 are bonus remix tracks.
Kanye West, você é um gênio, obrigada por nos abençoar e agraciar com esse álbum e com toda a sua discografia. Não existe ateu quando se trata do Kanye West. All my homies love Jesus.
It really is a very good album, Kanye and Mike Dean's production management make it undoubtedly the best album so far this year, all the media impact makes it striking. The only negative point is the duration but the rest is perfect. I feel like it's a mix between Yeezus and The college Dropout.
Album of life.One of Ye's best works, absolutely incredible and breathtaking music that is unrivaled by any other artist in history.The songs are all highlights and will make your spine shiver at least 27 times.It is technically long for an album with a runtime close to two hours, but it's so good it feels like 20 minutes, Ye blessed us with the amount of fantastic content here.I'll be blasting this album for a very very long time and enjoying it every time, you'll be missing out on the best music of your life if you don't give this album a listen, and for the Ye haters: stay mad ;).
Fire besides jail 2 and tell the vision, other than that no skips, and listening to it 4 times in a row makes the work day go quicker
this is his best album since the life of pablo. donda is a cohesive masterpiece. the way kanye isn’t afraid to work with other artists regardless of what the world may think is what i respect about him and why he will always continue to grow as an artist. he tends to bring the best out of everyone he works with. the production on here is also amazing but that is a given with kanye west albums and even though he has a massive stack of features, they don’t outshine him at all. songs like off the grid, lord i need you and come to life all prove that kanye is still an amazing performer. i loved this album and i respect what kanye did on here.
O álbum está impecável, as músicas tem letras incríveis e toda a parte musical está muito boa, ter demorado pra lançar o álbum foi bom pois foi um marketing bem feito, e todo esse tempo que ele usou para fazer o álbum fez com que as músicas ficassem muito bem feitas
(Portuguese Critic) Simplesmente um álbum que mudou minha visão sobre a música no geral sendo que o álbum ainda nem está finalizado!Top 3 álbuns do kanye, SIMPLESMENTE FODA!!!!
Fantastic album. Don't listen to the trolls and weirdos. This album is awesome man
Just the best of all times, i cant describe How good it is, God talk to me thruu kanye
You know that something is wrong when a masterpiece like this one is rated 0 while a cringe album like Positions by Ariana Grande is considered a masterpiece.
This album is great its production is amazing and features are insane. A true masterpiece
top 3 kanye.yeezus will always be number 1, followed by dark twisted fantasy
brilliant album and an amazing rollout. Kanye West is a genius. stop the cap.
his best work since TLOP. solid production, good features, ye is back at it again.
How would anyone not give a TEN to an album with JESUS LORD on it? This song is a masterpiece. It could be 2-hours-long.
A marvelous release for the second semester of 2021 and one of the best albums this year. Much greets for Mr. West.
the best album of the decade. damnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnmmmmmmmnnnnnnmn
Acabo de terminar de escuchar por décimo quinta vez el album, y creo que es momento de sacar puntos de vista y comentarios preliminares de cómo me pareció esta obra, si realmente es lo que tanto esperaban sus seguidores, la crítica y sobre todo, cómo está la producción musical en esta ocasión.No hablaré de las colaboraciones, pues enfocarme en ello haría demasiado largo esto, por lo que esa parte se las dejo a su criterio.
Esse álbum é um marco da historia musical, com certeza um dos melhores da década, com uma produção impecável melodias ótimas, e feats ótimos que encaixaram muito bem em suas faixas, sem contar com o que este álbum mexe com o nosso emocional. Ele é o maior da nossa geração e ninguém pode mudar isso, nenhum canalha irá fazer com que eu duvide disso pois eles não sabem o que falam, eles não aceitam um negro no topo
Nr. 1 album ever made. Dont hate. Kanye dont need this. Listen and enjoy…..
At more than 100 minutes, the album may seem challenging at first, but is well worth it: amazing production, fire bars, incredible artistic concept, bigger-than-life vibe, glorious verses... this is the definition of an instant classic
Insanely good music. Kanye West is GOAT. The sky is blue. Every song is at least an 8.5 (with 5 of them 10 imo). His best album i dare say, even better than MBDTF.
Masterpiece. Ye did it again absolute no filler besides three interludes, Instant classic
Best album ever made in the history of the good old earth. No one else could manage to do this
Another classic album by Kanye, you can tell by the innovation and new sounds as always, almost every song is beautiful (except for Tell The Vision what was that) and overall feels like a very consistent album, i think the order of the songs are a liiitle random but not a big deal, this is not music, is art.
best album I have heard this year for sure. kanye easy hits as 10 rating east
Masterpiece.Still working on forming my album thesis. Favorites so far:Off The GridPraise GodBelieve What I Say 24 (love choirs) MoonHeaven and HellLord I Need YouPure SoulsCome to Life
Dont expect Donda to be an easy trip. with its 23 tracks, they take you on a journey of loss, acceptance, accountability and rebirth, all worth the long tracklist.
Masterful cohesive mess, emotional journey, possibly his most artistically viable work.
his best work in some time the features were amazing and ye himself always adds to each track
I am very disappointed Kanye West :(Donda? More like Donda es el good music
Kanye West has potentially just released his best album in 10 years. I honestly cannot see anyone surpassing this album anytime soon. Songs like come to life and believe what I say bring serenity to the listener and instill peace into their minds. On the contrary songs like God breathed and Off the grid have great lyrical content and amazing beats. Kanye West is well and truly back
Great album front to back, except for the song tell the vision. I also loved the alternative versions of some songs
best album of the year, but we already knew that. he is the greatest of all time.
A beautiful tribute to his late mother, with truly some of the greatest production he has ever done.
the vulnerable raw side that Kanye is showcasing here is nothing short of a brilliant experience, the writing, the production and even the features feel as an honest attempt from Ye to capture his struggles and his demons, and how bit by bit he can conquer that evil with the help of his new found spiritual beliefs.GREAT WORK YE
A sprawling epic of an album. It offers a lot of excellent tracks. This is Ye’s best album since MBDTF.
When DONDA came out I ran quickly to listen to it, but it was not worth it, it sounds practically the same as the rest, nothing new or recommended
After listening to the album two times it's evident this album has been overworked. This album has a track for every Kanye fan but lacks content overall, the album seems to suffer from too much filler. It's clear to see that Kanye was struggling to get the album to where he wanted it. From start to finish on this whole album, I would go as far as saying that the worst musician on the album was Kanye himself, the audio mixing was ok at best but had room for significant improvement. This is far from his heights of MBTDF. The album feels erratic like whatever he thought of at the time was thrown into the album such as audio from the Globglogabgalab (from Strawinsky and the Mysterious House).This album's Closest comparison is an extremely overseasoned soup.
I feel like this could have been so much better but the amount of fillers is way too high and lyrics are not consistently good. Instrumentals are great. Expected more Kanye but the album is mostly features, so it's basically a DJ Khaled album on steroids. Also it is clearly unfinished so I don't know why Universal decided to release the album without his authorisation.
This album is amazing. No question. Any hate comes from drake fans. Best tracks are: off the grid, praise God, hurricane, believe what I say, ok ok.
I am the Glob-glo-gab-galabThe shwabble-dabble-wabble-gabble flibba blabba blabI'm full of shwibbly liber-kindI am the yeast of thoughts and mindsShwabble dabble glibble glabble schribble shwap glabDibble dabble shribble shrabble glibbi-glap shwapShwabble dabble glibble glabble shwibble shwap-dapDibble dabble shribble shrabble glibbi-shwap glab
After the lacklustre JIK, this album is a true return to form as the flows are some of West’s most high hitting and the production proves yet again why he is one of the best in the industry.Very impressed with how polished this instalment sounds especially compared to his last few projects.10/10
To no surprise a trumptie releases the worst possible ablum in recent history. With stale, repetitive bad melodies along with the inclusion of M*rilyn M*nson and DaB*by makes this the absolute worst body of work i've ever heard.Donda has experienced one of the most fraught and drawn-out music releases in recent memory. Marilyn Manson’s inexcusable presence leaves a sour taste that no amount of gospel can cleanse. if you're looking for an album of the year go listen to 'Plastic Hearts' By Miley Cyrus, one of the most cohesive, yet unique sounding project released.
Incrível como a cada dia que passa o Kanye West parece mais interessado em causar polêmica do que entregar um álbum de qualidade. Os fãs? Vão engolir qualquer coisa e fingir aclamação enquanto choram no banheiro pois não tem mais argumentos já que além de problemático, Kanye não é mais artista.
I was hoping for a lot more. If anything, this gave me a good reason to go back and listen to Graduation again. I enjoy stream of consciousness woe is me self reflection as much as the next guy but there was no real structure or identity from one song to the next. Sure, I appreciate his talking about anxiety and relationships, but that's nothing revolutionary and really doesn't say much of anything. I know the stans will spend the next 36 hours highlighting the very overt metaphors and claiming this is another work of genius.And while there are some good synthwave sounds, it's a pretty boring album.
Esse álbum é simplesmente ruim. Sem mais nada a declarar. Apenas Ruim. Péssimo.
Flawless. Only flaws are "tracks" Tell The Vision, and the Pt. 2s. I do not count these tracks since Tell The Vision is an interlude and the Pt. 2s and merely bonus tracks. Other than that this album takes you through many of Kanye's songs with bangers/sad songs. All the features did their thing. And Kanye spits some of his best lyrics in a while and has some of his best singing.
I don’t know why people overappreciate this. It’s only a normal album compared to previous his albums
This whole track is filler. There’s so many moments where he either just randomly speeds up flow to complete a sentence to the beat, repeat words two or three times to create a pause for his next verse, or just say uh for space. He doesn’t have it anymore. Still, some beats are good. I’ll give him that.
Álbum pouco contributivo não deixa de ser ruim mas pros padrão de kanye e pouco
Not nice, too much filler. Not enough Kanye verse. Very repetitive. No song really stood out to me either
Donda definitely doesn’t have that novelty we found on his 2008-2016 era. Same formula, but nothing exciting. From the lyrics, the beat, and everything surrounding its release. I think think he lost his audience in the depth of his personal problems, we saw it in the last album and it’s just becoming worse…
Don‘t expect something like MBDTF!!!But it‘s great in its own way. It‘s something different but also something familiar. My ears and feelings are pleased. Great Job Kanye! You didn‘t miss
No amount of gospel songs gives this album dignity. Kanye is (thankfully) irrelevant, and the world is healing. I tried the Kim Kardashian way of streaming (do it mute), and you get the full sense of the world.
Honestly, it is hard to believe that Kanye built this album. It is dull, boring and long. Most of the songs that made the album good were removed and replaced. "Up From The Ashes", for example.When you listen to Kanye's music, you already wanna play it again when it ends, but that doesn't happen with Donda. Very sad.
One of my favorite Kanye albums. Some songs have so much emotion and a lot I can relate too.
come to life is a masterpiece. donda is a beautiful album and you can see different elements of kanye throughout.
Kanye West is a great genius, who knows how to make good music even if the critics are dedicated to destroying it, and part of the public seeks to demerit his work, deep down we all know that his productions are ahead of the time and that only time shows that Any work by Ye is made to last over time. They also destroyed Jesus because of the way he acted, and in the end we all know how the story ends ...
Is a máster peace, the álbum have a system and sounds like the old kanye, its a great sensation
Beautiful Just a powerful message to his mom. An amazing tribute to his family and an espectacular production with tons of futures that shine alone .
This album feels like the finale of a very good series. If you have been following his listening parties it’s extremely satisfying to listen to this album. It’s iconic. Jay Z is on it, Kid Cudi is on it, and Dr. DONDA West is on it.
Album of the year. If you don’t believe me listen to it until you do. Also OFF THE GRID GRID GRID GRID GIRD
Donda is a rollercoaster of emotions that come from Kanye West’s beautiful dark twisted mind. He learns from the last few albums he has created in the past 10 years to create the perfect blend of gospel, hip-hop, and experimental. Not to mention, there are many moments where Kanye is not afraid to get personal and vulnerable. You can really feel how much he cares for his mother and how much he misses her. It may be imperfect and messy at times, but that’s what makes it feel human and relatable. 10/10
Four five summers, four five summers. We took over. We took over.This album had me levitating to another dimension. Fantastic, beautiful album, v emotional, heartfelt. Jail pt. 2 and tell the vision are the only misses imo but the rest of the album is so amazing I can deal with it.
A sonically advanced album with innovative and advanced hip hop that at times reaches almost a classical feel during song outros, an album that goes on a journey from despair to hope, a modern masterpiece.
Some absolute feels although out this album. From start to finish I don’t feel the need to skip an entire track.
What an album. The pinnacle of artistry in the generation, pushed though a genre-bending experience.As you can tell by the score distribution, the album is polarizing, however the run from Jail to Ok Ok; might be the best 7-song-string on any album ever.
DONDA IS a masterpiece regardless of the controversy surrounding it. I enjoyed listening to it in its entirety, finally something that's not all about sex, money, and drugs. The album is a cultural reset that will influence generations for many years to come.
Can he please go away already? He is detached from reality and really has nothing worthwhile to say.
This is going to be the best HIp Hop album of 2021 and, at least for me, this is a top 5 Kanye project.
this album had an amazing rollout and absolutely excellent addition to kanyes discography
DONDA is an absolute masterpiece and here's why. Firstly, it captures the stages of grief Kanye has expressed while dealing with his mothers' death. Second, once again Kanye brings the best out of the features, to the extent where a couple of them have one of if not the best verse of their career so far. Thirdly, Kanye consolidates his position as a GOAT in the industry by being able to excel in different genres of music (rap, drill, pop, gospel, to mention a few present in DONDA). Finally, DONDA reflects how Kanye disregards everything the media and general public tries to "cancel". He finds the best out of artists like DaBaby and Marilyn Manson, which have definitely acted very wrongly in the past. However, he disregards it at he knows their artistic potential (aiming to pardon everyone and get them closer to God). And by the way, this is MY opinion. I still have mixed feelings about these two on the album, but I've tried to ignore their actions and focus on their ART.
Great album with some great features. Good subject matter as well.I’m glad he performed the listening parties with the album, a nice way to interact with the fans, and give them the music before the official release. Very excited for his next work.
An amazing and deep layered album about Kanye’s mother, his family and his journey with god and faith.
No misses on this album! Maybe three songs that aren’t my type, but the songs aren’t bad per se! Overall I enjoyed the album. My favorites were; Jail, Off the grid, Hurricane, Praise God, Believe what I say, Remote Control, Moon, Jesus Lord, Heaven and Hell, Jail pt2 and Jesus Lord pt.2
This album is what Jesus is king should have been the critics here didn't even listen to the whole album sad to see that they slander such a good album there is no way in hell this is worse than jik.
i am the globglogabgalab ye is the goat drake is cringe i hate tommyinnit hes a dad
Amazing album, despite the polemic collaborations, it's truly amazing, Kanye showed the world once again his unique sound, and his brilliant lyrics, Jail, Jesus is lord are masterpieces
just don't know why so many trolls man, literally one of the best albums of this year
Donda is a generation defining album. The music made by ye is beautiful and my ears thank him every time I hear it.
Over all. A great album great production and lyricism from Kanye and other artists. Kanye has also perfectly weaved in gospel is a great way on this record. My only problem with the album is the tracklist which could’ve been more cohesive and fleshed out and some of the songs feel like filler material (that is expected for such a large album) that could be more polished out. Other that that a pretty great new release
Kanye’s best album since The Life of Pablo and one of the best albums of 2021. Kanye shows he’s still at the top of the game. This is a truly amazing and unique album that only Kanye could make.
Near Perfect.Moon, Believe what I say, Jail, Remote Control, 24, Hurricane, Off the Grid, Come to life all absolutely fantastic, I don't have anything majorly bad to say about the album, very minuscule mistakes make it not a 10. worth the wait. I'd probably give it an 8-8.5 for purely music but being a Kanye fan I have to give marks for the meaning this album carries. His 6th best work in my opinion (sounds like a bad thing, but The College Dropout trilogy, MBDTF and TLOP are all 9.5-10's for me.)
I guess people giving this amazing album low scores must be stans of Charlemagne. From career defining performances from Fivio Foreign, Baby Keem, Vory, Rooga, Westside Gunn, Conway the Machine and more, Kanye West let every single contributer there time to shine.Favourite Tracks:Jail Pt. 1Off the GridHurricanePraise GodJunya Pt. 1Believe What I Say24MoonKeep My Spirit AliveJesus Lord Pt. 1 & 2New AgainPure SoulsCome to LifeNo Child Left BehindLeast Favourite Tracks:Tell the Vision9/10
De lo mejor que ha venido de Kanye en estos años, un album que probablemente sera visto como un clasico en el futuro
An absolutely incredible album. Some of Kanye’s best hype songs, introspective songs, and powerful cinematic songs to finish the album. A great way to showcase how he’s fallen down a dark path and how God and his faith has brought him back and now he’s feeling new. Not as preachy as Jesus is King which is a nice touch.
In a sea full of the same ole same ole, Donda is a refreshing piece of music. I admire anyone that fights to create artistic pieces of work instead of stale, old and similar sounding beats, words and rhymes. You name it, it's been done out here and Kanye West is one of the very few that is willing to put his name and reputation on the line to create masterpieces. He isn't moved by what the public expects from him and because of that, he is always going to create from a space that is true to him. Bravo Mr. West for upping the anty and adding color into this gray music scene. Donda is a perfect 10. I keeps getting better and better the more I play it.
está okey jjajajaja no es lo mejor, pero pues es papá Ye cristiano, qué esperaban?
Back to his best. Love that the album is 27 tracks too. I cannot stop listening to it.
I love this album. It is a masterpiece. All the haters can choke, specially that white lady called table swiff and her stans called swiffers.
Fvck fã da Taylor
Nice album it’s pretty good but not as good as MBDTF it’s still good though better than Jesus is King.
When kanye drops, is a event, the whole game stops and appreciates what the GOAT's doing, and this is no different, this feels like a breath of fresh air, something that future generations will look back forever. I can accept the mixed reviews, but if you say this album is bad, you just didn't listen to it man, give it a couple listens and i know it will grow on you. His third best album, only behind mbdtf and yeezus.
Great album! Too much greats songs! My favorites...- come to life- pure souls- believe what i say- off the grid- remote control- Jesis Lord- hurricane- ok okThank u Ye for this masterpiece!
Kanye West has made a fantastic album, one that seems thematically shuffled at first, but finds focus towards the end. Although some of the production is not perfect, and some of the songs do miss, overall Kanye has made a fine piece of work that conveys some of his more personal messages as discussed on ye, but followed up. The album rollout was fun to witness, and this is his best work since The Life of Pablo, which seems very similar to this album. In the end, it rocks the unpolished feel, but I can see if some people do not like this album.
Buen álbum, aunque tuvo demasiado hype y pues quedó corto, poquito,pero quedó corto
Most of the hate is from people that think the album is bad because there are some alleged abuses, regardless of that, separating the art from some of the artists (like 1 on 1 song) This is an amazing album. It hits home and is super emotional. WILL TAKE MULTIPLE LISTENS TO UNDERSTAND, there is so much meaning behind each song, this will be a new listening experience and can be super enjoyable if you actually make an effort than half listening to it once because you actually miss most of it. I know people that were hating on it but could not even name one feature, give it a chance... You might just fall in love.
a very great album from ye even though it gets stale at certain parts the other songs make up for it. 9/10
A return to form. The rollout, while chaotic, was captivating and unlike anything any modern pop artist would attempt, let alone pull off. Donda would earn a higher score if Kanye trimmed the tracklist, particularly the pointless "pt 2" tracks at the end.
Sonically this is another style that ye pursues. Tracks here fulfill all tropes a rap album needs to fulfill while still pushing the constraints of music as Kanye always does
Best since MBDTF. 12 songs that go hard and 4 beautiful ones. Haven’t liked this many songs in a 2 hour album in my life
By far the best album this year. Yeah many (maybe too many songs on it) but there are enough bangers. He is just the goat. also it shows that the music industry, specially the music "critics" industry is a f....ing joke. those industry clowns who tear apart the album minutes after it was released. I have to admit, after reading many bad "industry" reviews I was biased and also dont liked it after the first listening , but as more as I played it the more i loved it. great album, genius guy.
I am disappointed with this album. it is repetitive and boring. I expected better.
Meh. It could have been 10 tracks. filled with fillers. a stain to his discography
i love taylor too but this album is sooo GOODbut taylor remains as my favourite artist tho
Although I'm obviously a huge Kanye fan, I didn't like the album at all. The album is incomplete and sloppy.
Album da minha vida, sem maldade que album foda top 3 da carreira dele, só musica bomba e criativa!
amazing album, every song has something special. off the grid is my favorite song from the album, but moon or jesus lord are amazing, i love u kanye
Que buen álbum ❤️ cada que lo escucho se lo dedico a Taylor y en especial a las Swifties
How is anyone hating on this is Album of the year the predicting is good features and Kanye all good
This album didn't disappoint me at all. Other than the two interludes, 25 out of 27 went to at least one playlist. Overall it has a cinematic feel to it, but it's very... different. You can't go into it expecting a hip-hop album, Ye's going into a completely new direction with his music.
I like the overall sound but a lot of unnecessary tracks. The roddy song seemt like it would be from an roddy album instead of an kanye album. Same on junya which felt like a track from whole lotta red.Then there were unnecessary tracks like the pop smoke skit, 24, lord i need you and remote control. But besides these tracks and it feeling a bit too long the album was great. The feeling the album gives you shows why i love kanye and his work. He has an immense talent for dramatic and vibe. He took the new generation and put it on his beats with his ideas. If the points above wouldn't be there i would give it a 9-9.5 when listening to it longer.A bit sad but at the same time really happy
Álbum buenísimo, vale la pena escucharlo, hay que aprender a separar a el artista de la persona
Best album from Ye in a long time. Many tracks which will be considered classics in a few years time. Absolute genius.
One of the most personal and we'll put together hip hop albums I've heard in a while. With the long tracklist you would expect to get tired or bored but it's a entertaining journey throughout.
The best album this year, and his best work in a long time, the goat Kanye west, donda donda donda donda donda donda
Very good. Consistent and with great songs. His best album since TLOP for sure.
Kanye is back baby!!!! This is full of dust pumping raping it is just a fantastic comeback. All he needs to do now is the DONDA TOUR
This is a 27 song album, and this is only the second day, for albums of this length I don't believe that reviewing it so early and never looking at it again is good because you won't be able to capture everything the artist is going for in 1 or 2 listens of the album. Having said that my initial reaction if this album is it's great. I enjoyed majority of the music . Per usual Kanye's production is in a league of it's own.my only negative about this album is it's length I don't hate any of the songs they all fall on a spectrum of ok to great for me. I do think some so ga could have gotten cut tho. Overall great first initial reaction how this album ages depend on what well say in the future
Insane ride from beginning to end with masterful production. The sweeping intro of Jail thrusts you into a dark twisted gospel that goes through heartbreak, rebirth, death, and life. Kanye’s foray into a post 2020 world makes the smart decision of not mentioning the pandemic, or election/racial protests. Instead he crafted a timeless masterpiece, bringing forth mind blowing beats, lyrics, flows, and some of the most emotional moments Ye has ever created. His talents as a producer, writer, and other artistries really shine through. After many years, Ye has reached a new peak and does not seem to be stopping any time soon.
Absolute masterpiece dedicated to Kanye’s mother who raised him in her own. From the booming electric guitar and the beautiful “Return Of The Throne” verse from Jay Z, to the twinkling pianos and hard hitting synths on Come To Life, this album is a masterpiece through and through.
I love this album. I understand why it’s so polarizing but I love every moment of it. I think with time people will start to appreciate it more, but if they don’t then that’s okay too. I just know that I love it. The production is insane, the features are excellent, and Kanye is sounding the best he has in a while, vocally and lyrically. This is definitely his best since The Life of Pablo, maybe even Yeezus.
Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda
Amazing album. Kanye is back creating an album that feels like a mix of all his past works from yeezus to 808s to ye creating a final product that feels like an evolved version of tlop
I just hear in a many places (overrated) bla...bla...bla... Ye makes a solid job, like always Kanye does.
Perfect album, ignoring interludes and pt 2s every song is fresh and beautifully produced
man that's the best album since mbdtf and i can't believe that some fckng **** gave it a 0 just bc he wants to eat Taylor swift and swallow drake
Beautiful tribute to his late mother. Learning that the intro was to the pace of his mothers last heart beats was truly beautiful
The album represents Kanye West freeing himself from her mother's sorrow and curse. The production is amazing and fresh.
THIS IS NOT ALBUM OF THE YEAR, THIS IS ALBUM OF THE LIFE. DONDA IS ONE OF KANYE WESTS BEST WORKS OF ART, THERE ISN’T ANY ALBUM IN THE WORLD LIKE THIS. KANYE BRINGS OUT THE BEST VERSES FROM EVERYONE ON THE ALBUM. IF YOU DON’T LIKE THIS YOU’RE OBJECTIVELY WRONG! Final score 1029645281018625372906353820/10
Most powerful Ye album to date. That special feeling when I listened to it right after the first listening party, a month ago, still remains. Maybe if he had dropped it then, it wouldn't receive so much hate as it does now and that's a shame. The minimalistic cover and track production are perfect, kinda like 808's on steroids. People take this album for granted, IMO it's a masterpiece, a perfect 10.All hail Yeezus, the boldest musician of our time!
This is the most beautiful album I've ever heard , despite it being nearly 2 hours long when you finish it ur surprised that you think it's short , i have no words literally , Kanye west did it again
There is a reason why Ye is the GOAT. Amazing album, brings me close to tears
Takes you on a one and a half hour journey starting with Kanye calling for his mother in the dark and an awesome opening track about him letting loose. The album continues with the best feature parts any of the featured artists ever brought to light and great compositions. After the title track Donda the album takes a break and starts sounding more beautiful and nostalgic but also uplifting with more meaningful lyrics reflecting on change in life, religion and family. The album peaks on the track Come to Life with an incredibly gorgeous piano sample and Kanye describing his lowest points to the listener. After a perfect closer track the album leaves you with what feels like a deeper understanding about how religion and his mother, even in the afterlive, helped Kanye keeping up his faith and becoming the man and father he always wanted to be.
Some of Kanye's most personal and best work. Roll out was incredible. There is something for everyone to enjoy in this album.
Something different from the norm, Kanye once again breaking barriers. his best work since TLOP. Loved every bit of the album. 10/10
first of all this album genre's is Christian hip hop and experience hip hop. This artist here is dying in his soul and you guy have to put yourself in it to feel the emotion, the energy, the message that Kanye work on this album. if you are a first time listener to Kanye, this is might be a good chance to understand his feeling when he had struggles events in his life. this man will tell all about his story through the songs so enjoy what he tributed
I have listened to Donda several times over trying to figure out if this is a good album or a waste of time. And I’ve got to say this album grows on you. Some songs are long and drawn out, sure. But a lot of the songs bring an energy to them that draws you into the message and emotions they emit. The grand choruses make me wish I could listen to this in a concert house to feel each note. It is also great to hear so many features from other great artists in some songs, refreshing even. Overall, this is a great listen that happens to be a little on the long end. Great, but not perfect.
I like this album. Kanye West once again pushes the boundaries for what and album can be. He treats subjects like religion, motherhood, mental health, his own story etc. with a very broad and varied sound laying under. All the way from organs to grand electronic compositions. The fact that the album is almost 2 hours long and contains no obvious radio hits proves that Kanye doesn’t care about musical traditions and commercial interests. He just wants embrace creativity and eccentricity and I really respect him for that.
No hay ninguna rola favorita pues todas sobresalen, pero fuera perfecto solo por algunos pequeños detalles
The production is very good, Kanye’s use of organ and gospel beats in the more gospel-y songs is very good, and the rap and drill aspect is equally very good. We saw a phenomenal feature from Fivio, and a strong verse from DaBaby, unlike anything he’s ever previously done. Other features have performed very well, such as Travis, Roddy, and Cudi. The only song I wasn’t a fan of was Tell The Vision. Most of the bad reviews are due to the people not liking Kanye as a person, or due to his beef with Taylor and Drake.
One of his greatest albums. Haters will hate the media hates him is deranged about this new album
This is not an album of dance tracks. Many of the tracks do not even feature any sort of discernible beat. I would say that it is a sonically accurate way to represent what I personally felt when my father passed away: as if the back track of the world had ceased and there was little rhyme or reason to everything. and I was not even as close to him as he was to his mother - the albums namesake. Instead, there are droning organs giving a sense of church service - there is mourning interjected with moments of joy at the glory of just being alive and gratitude for the creator and bursts of posturing. This is not an album for someone looking for bangers - tho there are a few. This is not music meant for post modern nihilistic sentiments - hope is the prevailing message. Ignore the negative press surrounding specific features. It makes thematic sense to have Dababy and Manson. Not a record for everyone but its worth exploring at least once to listen to an artist unlike any of their contemporaries bare his truth.
Álbum que expressa bem os sentimentos de sua vida a surra na juliette que não é artista
Powerful album, not for everyone and it's ok no to like it but it's so inspirational and beautiful.
I enjoyed whole album experience aparat of tell the vision which is miss for me.
Honestly I think Donda is fire. Jail, God Breathed, Off the Grid, Praise God, Ok Ok, Junya, Moon, Heaven and Hell, Keep my Spirit Alive, Jesus Lord with Jay Electronica, Tell the Vision, Lord I Need You, Pure Souls, No Child Left Behind. All great songs. How can you not like these songs?Love the choir sound, the emotional energy, the organ and piano melodies. Partial critics upset at features because of their political stance show how unfairly rated the album is.And I cannot sell my soul!
The Taylor and Drake stans will never win. Ye will always make the best music.
Not bad, but not as good as some make it out to be. The people saying saying this album is better than MBDTF are really pushing it, but it is a definite improvement over JIK. Most of the songs are great, my favourites being Believe What I Say and Off The Grid, but Tell The Vision is really bad. Aside from some really obvious mixing errors in some songs, it's a pretty decent album.
Even in its rough state, Donda is a return to form for an artist people seem to desperately want to dissappear. Barring a few tracks that honestly do not belong on the album, Kanye has created some truly amazing sounds and delivers what most longtime fans wanted and then some.
it’s the best album of all time, the songs, the history, the lyrics… all.
The hype is really hurting this albums perception, giving that it had to be rushed in the end, and that mainstream listeners expected far more from this. It is bloated for sure, but still keeps a consistent level of quality, which is hard for an album of this lenght. Allthough most of the songs are well produced, and the features are great, but it still feels lacking at points, partly because of the chaotic tracklist.But summarized, I enjoyed most of the songs and would heavly recommend listening to it.My favorite tracks are Off The Grid, Believe What I Say, Moon, Jail and Pure Souls.8-9/10
Best album of the year, greatest artist ever lived. Donda album is a masterpiecie, is a piece of art. 10 out of 10
the bad reviews are from non-professional journalists,who do not know how to separate the artist from his work
Un disco donde Kanye West nos deja entrar a su alma retorcida y todos sus problemas personales a traves de los años. Un encuentro con Dios cara a cara par culminar con la asunción al cielo con No Child Left Behind.Definitvamente: A R T E.
An incredible image to his late mother with ups and downs in quality but overall as an experience it’s incredible how this was released at the wrong time and still manages to hold a pretty consistent level of quality ( tell the vision should be burned)
Delightfully mellow, mesmerizing beats: a beautiful, beautiful album which if it was twice as long again it would be well worth the listen. Lyrically rich and tempered. This is Kanye at a new level of beauty and peace.
This album is unlike anything we´ve heard from Kanye up to this point. Yandhi from 2018 seems to fully take form as DONDA, the album dedicated to Donda West. The album contains levitating beats, drill music, gospel music, hard rap, melodic vocals and anything you´ve ever heard on a Kanye album. There is a bit of Kanye for everybody. This is one of Kanye´s best albums ever.
Album was worth the hype. Happy of the progression that kanye has made since JIK. You can tell of the effort and commitment he made on this album. I was very impressed that for an album with 27 tracks it flowed very smoothly! Highly recommended for all kanye fans!
Some filler, but hard to call an album where I like 14+ songs “bad”Highlights: Off The Grid, Hurricane, Believe What I Say, Praise God
Masterpiece gonna be polarizing at first like every Kanye album but this is gonna be up there with dark fantasy as his best in a few months - years just will take people time to realize it
Absolutely stellar, I thoroughly enjoyed every song on this album. Donda Chant establishes a dark tone of Kanye desperately calling out to his mother for help into the void more than a decade after her death. Ye has been through dozens of controversies and undoubtedly has cried out to his mother, who was the most important person in his life, when nobody else was there. The album continues building upon this theme as Kanye finds purpose and confidence again through music and God. However, many songs depart from this and instead give us a glimpse into what’s going on in his life right now—the divorce, being “off the grid” with the black imagery and masks, general gospel songs.Some critics say the album name didn’t make sense. He doesn’t have to talk about Donda in every single track because that’s what the title says. Rather, his mom appears in a few tracks, symbolic of her continuing to support Ye from Heaven but not in the same way as if she were still alive. Amazing how many people are trying to drag down this album because of the recent controversies. Nobody on this planet could legitimately believe this project was a 0/10. Pretty sad, but you can’t stop Ye from winning—check the streaming numbers if you disagree!
An absolute masterpiece from beginning to end, from the production to the features, one of the best albums I've heard, top 3 Kanye for sure
Amazing. Although some aspects were messy, the highs were astronomical. Hoping that the mixing and mastering is cleaned up at a later time similarly to TLOP.
10 years from now people will stop **** and realize the musical geniuses of these songs. Nuff Said.
It’s more of an art piece than an album. Excellent production and soundscapes.
This album is really close to a masterpiece , the tracklist is a complete mess , but the music as well is beautiful , every song is an 8.5 plus (apart Tell The Vision) with about 5 track being 10. The features are awesome and the lyrics too. Kanye is genius and i think this is a great addition to his discography . Shotout to Come to Life that is probably the greatest song i have ever listened to. This album is already a classic.
For this album, Kanye seeks to invoke a variety of emotions from the audience. From the tracklist, gospel themed influences, and controversial feature list, this album could almost objectively be viewed as a culmination of his artistic journey throughout the years.
The Album is really not as bad as people are complaining about it’s really great there maybe a few issues on the album. Like the Pop Smoke sample and the fillers that are not really I feel like the pt 2 parts should be the original ones on the album and add cudi back on Remote control but overall it’s pretty solid.
Deep track list & strong features. Tell the vision is the only true weak point.
Message to all those people giving zero before actually listening to this piece of art, swiftly get a life
Definitely not his best album, I wouldn’t put it an 8 exactly but definitely a strong 7 like a 7.8. I think Kanye hyped a little too much the album so that’s why there is ppl rating it too low, but it is a decent album, the only problems I find for the album are the Pop Smoke weird track and it’s duration, there are more things but it’s not a bad album. Top 5 this year in my opinion
His best work since Pablo, incredible audio experience. He killed it with this one
Its good album. Idk where all the hate is coming from but it is unwarranted and biased.
Don't listen to the Drake and Taylor bots, or the woke critics, this album is fantastic and was 100% worth the wait. Kanye remains goated
Ignore what everyone says and listen to it for yourself, this album is pure, unsolicited perfection.
although it felt like a rollercoaster it has great production and the variety of artist makes you wanna listen to it again and again
Its the new ten,ten,ten. Really worth the wait, perfect production. Lanye the GOAT of all artists
It’s way better than expected, ima go ahead and say that the album will be appreciated more in the near future than at the moment.
Donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda
very bad, listeners get bored and don't want to listen to it again, the album is one color and nothing special
is there really someone who considers this to be good? I'd rather hear fart sounds than this.
100% This album is soooo good
Another classic Kanye West album. There are so many songs that you can instantly save to your phone. The production is classic Kanye and Mike Dean, fully immersing you in the album. This is the longest Kanye album to date with so much content. The range of emotion and meaning in this album is endless. There are only 2 skips on this album and neither one is truly a "Kanye song" Mr. West pulls the absolute best from his features. The rollout was fun to go along with fantastic listening parties. Top 3 Kanye album, from one of the best discographies in history.
Album so Amazing, I very very like it , The album has very good melody and lyric
THIS IS HANDS DOWN THE ALBUM OF THE YEAR, So good from the top to the end... All this waiting... Worth it. AOTY AOTY AOTY
DONDA donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda
Kanye West debería dedicarse a lo único que sabe hacer, ser el payaso de la prensa para poder vivir de ello
This album is pretentious af. It’s not totally trash but 10/12 tracks could literally not be there and the album would probably be more interesting and enjoyable. This should be a celebration of Kanye’s mother, Donda, but it ends up being another self celebration for him. + The feats are boring as hell.
Uhm too many tracks and and it dont help that its filler. Album is too long. Remixes could have been released later as the album is already bloated.Concept is not cohesive Production blendFeatures often steal the showThe title is confusing cause references to it are few and far apart in the album.Try to listen to it my advice take breaks.Definitely the hype works against this project unfortunately.
Once again Kanye puts out hot garbage with a flavor of egomania, he's lost the little talent he had to begin with. The more overrated artist in history.
Terrible, Kanye can't do it anymore, its a basic album that he try to make great, but man, you just cant...
Unfortunately a huge disappointment. After all his previous albums which were absolutely stunning this album is a huge downgrade.I hope his next album gets better again!
Didn’t live up to the hype, lots of fillers and skips, tbh worse than jesus is king. i think most of the time i listened to the same chorus, bland beats
It's just bad :( can't believe how he has done that poor album. Don't be mad but, it's just sh*t.
The album didn’t live up to the hype. Certainly you could sense that there was something special about the album but apart from 4 tracks, the whole album was weird and not enjoyable. Yeah, being weird is awesome and weird context is my taste, but DONDA was weird in a bad way. I’ve listened to dozens of albums lately and they all top DONDA. I’ve been going through comments and seen biased fans saying DONDA is AOTY; but the truth is that the album is overrated. I doubt if i ever recommend it to be honest. Don’t act biased. You acting biased is why Kanye thinks the album was fire :))))
Awful sounds , was expecting more There are a quite good lines bur everything sounds boring and plane
This is so wildly self indulgent. At least half of the songs on the album are completely devoid of rhythm or melody (Donda Chant, Donda, Ok Ok, No Child Left Behind...) - just weirdly a-rhythmic organ chords over religious text read with a vocal effect... Truly a waste of everyone's time.
Really all over the place... I can separate the kanye person to the kanye musician and creator of art...but this album was so... jshwhaien iwhejwiw i dont have words...
Es el mejor álbum del año sin duda alguna, la producción, la letra, el concepto, KanYe de supera el mismo, con este álbum demuestra quién es el la industria musical, te hace llorar, bailar, reflexionar, adorar a Dios, KanYe es el goat
10/10 super good album 10/10 really good albumwe off the grid grid grid grid
Amazing piece of work, some of his best work on here. Great lyrics with some deep, vulnerable moments from Kanye.
haters gonna hate!! It’s beautiful! I love it dodosososososososoosos doeodos
Donda is the long awaited 10th LP by Kanye West in which he delivers a diverse sonic and lyrical set of songs that recall sounds from both his recent gospel work as well as sounds fit for Yeezus.
Probably the best overall sound design vibe of any Kanye West album. It’s heavy and dark and yet also emotionally beautiful.
I've been following Ye since the college dropout and I can easily say that this album lacks confidence and character. He is at a stage in his life where he is too sensitive to be criticized and meme'd and therefore it affects his mind and cannot put together a brave work that sounds like a statement.I waited this album for too long without listening to any kind of snippets and felt kinda let down. Unfortunately it is too long and all over the place, therefore I cannot even consider it in the same category as TLOP, MBDTF, Yeezus and 808's & HB, which to me are S rank albums. I can only list it after Ye, Graduation, Late Reg, College Dropout which are A rank to me. So it would be a B rank album in Kanye's discography.This album made me want Kendrick to release his album as soon as possible, so we can all remember how greatness feels like.
this is his best album since The Life Of Pablo, this is Kanye returning to form but finding a balance with his new found religious views without being up your face like it was with Jesus is King.there is only one weak track, that being tell the vision, then all of the tracks are 8+ and given the size of the project is a realy tough ask.the tracks started from jail and ending with heaven and hell is a stretch of 13 tracks all being 9.5 or 10, and that is an album size for most contemporary artist, so it speaks volumes of his talent and work put on the album that he is able to pull that.
O álbum do ano, facilmente um dos melhores de Kanye West, será difícil superar o feito dele com Donda
Incoherent, poor arrangement, and repetitive. Once the irrational hype dies off, I suspect this one is going to be quickly forgotten.
If anyone takes Kanye's lyrics to heart these days, or looks to them as any sort of inspiration, I feel bad for you. The man is suffering from a severe mental illness and taking us along for the ride. I can only hope he drops the mic and gets behind the boards for other people. He has a dangerous mix of mental illness and narcissism that should not be taken seriously. Any respectable church should still welcome him to attend, but not perform or be an influencer. And anyone letting DaBaby, Young Thug or PopSmoke on your record ain't a man of God. It's sad to watch.
There may be some good songs on Donda but if there are I didn't find them. This album is incredibly long and instantly unforgettable. Kanye is running on fumes at this point. Maybe he needs a 5-year break doing something else. How is this the same guy who put out Late Registration and Yeezus?
Álbum tão ruim como o cantor e sua personalidade, é de machucar os ouvidos
The album definitely didn't live up to the hype. It is just way too long with only a few songs that should be on the final version of Donda. Something that was supposed to be an album became a playlist with both good and not so good songs.Now i can officialy say that i miss the old Kanye
Horrível, colocou 8585675 pessoas e ficou uma bomba fora o homofóbico do dababy- mas não pode esperar senso desse daí né
Music for hedgefund and full of something meaningless so normal and unexpected unnecessary
By involving Manson, West has made this impossible. Donda leaves a sour taste that no number of good beats, gospel choirs or church organs will cleanse. Zero stars.
I’m not here for it. Although a sweet tribute to his late mother, the album itself could be much more sonically cohesive.
this album is one of the biggest mistakes of the year and of his entire career.
So freaking bad. Like really! He had his fans waiting for this!? It's like he doesn't care about the music anymore and all he gives 2 s#!+$ about is his name and making sure people know it. This fool need to go back to his roots and stop playing in the wrong sand box.
This album is the first time I had properly listened to a Kanye record since TLOP. In my opinion, including TLOP, Kanye's recent work has been underwhelming, with maybe the exception of the odd single. And, unfortunately, 'Donda' continues this trend.The main problem with this album is the **** tracklist. Kanye has compiled 27 songs, 70% of which are average/below average, which have no direction towards a greater theme whatsoever. Considering the title of the album, I had the impression Kanye would take a more conceptual point of view when writing these tracks. But again, we get a very similar sort of theme to 'Jesus is King'. How can a man with probably the biggest production and PR team in the game, have this much trouble making the tracklist sound tight and consistent? The worst thing about the tracks though is that the highs throughout the album are unforgettable, which makes the lows even more jarring to listen to as there is no consistency and the album is constantly up and down. Don't get me wrong, there are moments on this album where the beats are gorgeous and Kanye fits over them so well, but the majority either sounds boring or nothing more than noise. 'Junya' is definitely a contender for the worst track I've heard all year and the Pop Smoke interlude thing is nothing short of offensive. Some decisions Kanye has made on this album make absolutely no sense and it is clear that he needs direction in his music for it to work.Kanye's attitude on this album seems more at peace compare to his last few records. Even though the Jesus Freak vibes are still present, he sounds way more sure of where he is and how he feels. Some bars are stupidly cringe, like the one where he compares him and Kim to a Taco Bell and KFC collab (who said romance was dead), but at the same time, the fashion Kanye uses them in, gives them a more acceptable tone. The album is very much an egocentric record, but it is more celebratory than arrogant and over-confident, something we are all very used to hearing from Kanye. Here Kanye sounds top of his game, maybe not lyrically but certainly in terms of his head space and attitude.The beats and features are one of the highlights of the albums. There are several unforgettable beats which save the tracklist from being terrible, but for some reason Kanye has become even more minimalistic since 'Ye'. Overall the production is luscious and unusual (in the best way possible). DaBaby, is probably one of the best features on the album, despite his subject matter being bare wet, along with Cudi, which is expected. The Griselda feature is unforgettable as well and both Westside and Conway do bits in their respected verses. Lil Yachty and Marilyn Manson are the most boring features and Baby Keem's performance is actually unlistenable. Like for real who let this guy on a song with Ye and Travis; honestly the talent gap is so obvious it's ridiculous. The mixing and mastering on almost every song is **** **** How the **** is a mainstream artist's mix on his 10TH STUDIO ALBUM this bad. There are crackles on vocals, buzzes coming from almost every organ chord (and trust me there are organs on almost every cut) and a lot of samples sound tinny. Kanye strikes me, production wise, as a very polished producer. This kind of mix doesn't work for his beats and vocals. It just doesn't and hopefully with his next project we'll get a mix that is 100x better.Overall, 'Donda' isn't a bad album, but it is certainly disappointing. If I'm honest I'm slowly becoming less and less invested in what Kanye does, not because I think he's lost talent, but genuinely because he hasn't got the same visionary mindset he used too have. He lacks focus and direction, and for some reason I feel as though now his music has no redeeming qualities, because let's face it, Kanye has no morals. In my opinion this is a lacklustre and uninspiring project. 5/10 - Average
What the hell is this album? It feels like fluff and it feels like it's draining my life away. You especially feel it when you get to that last track. Not good
Donda Chant-10/10Jail-9/10God Breathed-10/10Off The Grid-10/10Hurricane-9/10Praise God-9/10Jonah-8/10Ok Ok-7/10Junya-9/10BWIS-10/1024-10/10Remote-10/10Moon-10/10H&H-10/10DND-10/10KMSA-6/10JL-10/10New A-8/10tell the vision-2/10Pure Souls-8/10Come to Life-10/10NCLB-10/10Ok Ok pt2-9/10Junya pt2-9/10Jail pt2-2/10jesus Lord pt2-9/10Overall experience is 10/10
lyrics with very low depth, and tiring and grueling instrumentals. I like the others album but this one is a failure
Unnecessarily long garbage. There are a few okay tracks but the album as a whole is terrible.
Donda has two good songs. Off The Grid and Hurricane. The rest are absolutely trash. Donda would be rolling in her grave if she heard what her son has conjured up.
Seriously, all the hype for this. The same old god love and **** dude,u fell off.
Used to be a huge kanye fan. This dude hyped up this whole album for months, named it after his dead mom, posted weird ass **** on social media for weeks, didnt drop the albulm 10000 times… then he drops this trash. Lmao. Honestly pretty funny
God clearly breathed on this .
This stuff is very strong. Beautiful, mThis stuff is very strong. Beautiful, wonderful. Extraordinary
It’s Kanye’s most mediocre album so far… 0% cohesive, not worth the hype. Typically you would expect a masterpiece to come out after years of anticipation but this is just… disappointing. Also cutting off Jay Z to work with DaBaby just because he supported his electoral campaign? Nahhh I don’t think so. The appearance of Marilyn Manson? No comments… The whole gospel and Jesus thing is just sh!t for the money and to attract christian fans, but considering his life choices and the vulgarity of his whole career we know what’s really going on.
Honestly it’s super boring. Kanye’s lost his touch. The production was mediocre, but the actual content itself is just lost. I’m sad to say I’m letting go of Ye.
Unfortunately, the wait was for an overproduced, unimaginative copy of frank ocean without the good singing and without much rapping at all. Repetitive droning and chanting more so than anything that could be considered rap. Sucks, don’t waste your time like I did.
Mierdanye West es lo más sobrevalorado que existe, urge que le llegue el Flop
Just like most things the past few years, dude is all about the spectacle, and rarely about the music. Brand over substance. Hard pass.
i hate this album and this man now, this ain't the man who used to make legendary albums. he ain't the kanye i listened to. this one is just really similar to Pablo imo and also those nasty collabs are **** too. drakes bout to take his ass to the ground
Kanye siendo kanye, nada novedoso, es aburrido ver cuando un artista masculino no se reinventa y habla de lo mismo.
So boring… just another proof of Kanye pretending he’s a god . For his standards it’s such a shame
The only good thing there was...............................................................
This album is pure trashh with collaborators like rapists, abusers Drake is far better than him.
The album is awful. Full of church for no apparent reason. Not a decent sample or beat on here. Sad because I loved Kanye.
Only Kanye this this is his best album. It’s too much filler. His best work is in the past.
What the actual **** happened to kanye? This is just disrespectful. He just spits straight up nonsense for almost two hours, the bars here are one worse than the other. The beats are so generic they sound like mother****ing MIDI audio clips. Honestly Sad af that this mf is crazy and can’t even make good music now.
Meta critic should Pull all user reviews made before today, album of the life
One of the best 2021 albums!!!, some really nice songs, psychedelic sounds, great creative work, hurricane my personal favorite
I truly don’t know what I was expecting. But this was garbage from start to finish. The production isn’t even good, which was shocking. I definitely wouldn’t ever listen again.
Very good album. There are no songs that stand out from the others. Definitely very alternative. Spatial audio. Those who have left 0 are asked to go to an otorino. Posso venire a trovarti mongolo ti stacco la testa vedrai che nn esci più neanche dalla finestra di casa tua
A complete experience for 1 hour and 45 minutes. Every featuring brings quality to the album, From track one to track 26. 26 BANGER TRACKS! No words.My favorites: Jail, Off the Grid, Hurricane, Jonah, Junya, 24, Remote Control, Moon, Heaven and Hell, Jesus Lord, Pure Souls, No Child Left Behind, Ok Ok pt.2
Rivaling his past magnum opus, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Donda, named after his beloved late mother, is a heartful reflection of Kanye's livelihood. It touches on his relationship with God, mother, wife, children, culture, and himself.A masterpiece.10.
I love it
Fantastic album. Multiple bangers. A few tracks are fillers hence the 9 instead of 10.
The long awaited album from Kanye, is a long and exciting journey with creative features and one of the best production we have seen in an album.
Nobody needed 27 songs but it has quite a few moments of brilliance. 0 profanity is weird tho.
LIXO OF THE YEAR. Parem esse homem imediatamente, ele está ameaçando a humanidade
No es lo que esperaba. Para tener un año esperando por este álbum no vale la pena y con todas estas colaboraciones que dejan mucho que desear
The beats are really good and this album has very few skips. Those skips for me are Jesus Lord, and the Pop Smoke interlude. The interlude can be sort of revived if an explicit version of the album is released, as the lack of the swearing on that song sounds pretty weird. But other than that the songs range from Really Good to Absolutely amazing. Overall a very good album with a couple of skips.
It was all worth it, the features deliver, the production is great, didn’t seem long enough even with almost 2 hours of runtime
A good album with a bevy of contemplative songs. I don't understand why this review section is filled with trolls but give the album a listen without any prejudice and you're sure to find a song you'll enjoy. Not as grand of a comeback as MBDTF but amazing nonetheless.
A very solid album. Good variety of songs ranging from trap, gospel, and even a more pop-styled song. Very good features and production. Some very beautiful songs in there.Salty halsey fans please stop complaining a better album is getting more traction than your favorite artist's. Let the people who despise Kanye as a person hate, they're the ones missing out on a wonderful album.
One of the greatest album made by Kanye West. The production is impeccable. Featurings such as the Weeknd, Travis scott and Playboy Carti for example are really good. The mix of gospel and hip-hop makes the album almost perfect. Weak point: an album a little too long and sometimes repetitive but overall very good. I highly recommend it.
I don't know why it's getting hated so much on here as I don't think it's that bad. Yeah, some of the production is flat but its kind of intentional. A lot of songs are great on here with a few exceptions, to those giving this a 1-0 out of 10 are basing their opinion on first listen who think u have to add trap drums on everything to make anything sound great.
Fantastic album with an equally amazing rollout that was fun and entertaining. I was worried about the final product since the hype behind this was so massive, but I am not disappointed at all. I’ve been listening to it for a few hours now and I just can’t get enough. The only thing for me is how it’s censored. Now I don’t mind no cussing at all, but I really wish they didn’t swear in the first place if it’s gotta be censored. But at the end of the day it really isn’t a big deal. Great album, really give it a listen before giving it a rating just based off of your feelings for Mr. West himself.
He’s a terrible person, but an amazing artist, I feel like the wait was worth it.
Very strong album. Very few misses on the album, but when it hits, it really hits. Songs like Come To Life will go down as one of my favorites of all time. Most of these negative reviews are coming from Drake fans anyway
Best album my man this **** good af I started believing in God again Kanye the goat
Stop hating on my man Kanye
picasso level creativity. kanye outdid himself. i’ve never heard a project with more than 20 tracks and still want more
This album is a head of its time. DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA
Not his best album, but definitively his best material in some years. Album is kind of bloated, but has a lot of gems. Definitively the best album released in 2021 so far (in terms of Hip-Hop at least). Very introspective, emotional and funny at times.Not a 10/10 album, but I don't understand people giving it a 0. That's just stupid.
Definetely this crazy thing deserves album of the year. Incredible album that kanye made in honor of his mother, Donda
F*** all the british magazines and pop music fans. This album is a masterpiece. They will change the s*** they said like what they did about yeezus and 808s
This is what happens when the communication is poor and you try too many things at once.DONDA releases in absolute confusion, deadlines are never met and always pushed away making the fans hungry for more, creating unrealistic expectations (think cyberpunk 2077), meanwhile the songs are still getting reworked inbetween listening parties. The logistic was too much to handle: a plethora of artists working on the album, 27 tracks, the list goes on, and now we hear that it was released without kanye's own approval, hinting at possibly unfinished polishing.The album, on a musical level, is good, but it's not worth the hype, the expectations were too high, from both the public and the artist, with 27 tracks, you will inevitably end up skipping at least 5 of them, there's just too much, it takes too long, you eventually get bored, the final remixes arent worth it, and it feels unfinished, if all that effort was concentrated into an album of the size of the previous ones, it would probably be another fantastic release, but that's just not it, this time it's quantity over quality.It's not bad, it just doesnt live up to the expectations, there was a choice to be made here, either cut down on the hype and deadlines, release it later and work on it some more, or cut down on the size of the album and meet the damn deadlines without making meaningless announcements, kanye tried to do both at once, and it's not possible.We have seen better from him, 7/10.
It is very bad where you see itThis ablum, while quirky, is repetitive, lazy, and another job exactly as bad as the previous one. It's just a lazy cash grab that just fails to enforce the edgy character Kanye tries to push, Kanye changed the music in the past, but in the present he's a schizophrenic old man reflecting on his troubles in his projects. That álbum features questionable lyrics and a ending sequence of songs that seem useless.It is simply poorly planned, poorly done and the only people who can enjoy it without seeming vomiting are those who are obsessed with Kanye and all his work, it does not seem good in the least, at the end of it all I think it could be better and it could having a good opportunity but coupled with waiting and the little work behind it, also reflects a serious decline in this man's work
Overrated as hell, the gospel thing is just for money, the lyrics are weak.
Besides being a straight forward gospel lyrical album, Ye delivered one of the best albums in 2021. Soulful, energical and with a little touch of melancholy, DONDA first reflect Kanye misses on her mom, how his spiritual connection is really important for his personal life and art and we can't deny the major inspiration he got on JESUS!Some track aludes to previous Ye albums, but it doesn't sound repetitive or outdated in any way. It's a WORTH 10 for me
Very interesting album, it is a highly anticipated return of Kanye. Who doesn't like it is very stupid
This album is terrible lousy, its lyrics are cheap and superficial, the same sounds as always, if the professional critic praises this we will know that they have lost a little (or a lot) of veracity.
This album, despite its length, doesn't have a single song that would match the quality of Kanye's earlier work. Even the standout tracks like Hurricane and Off the Grid have uninspired beats and boring lyrics. (If you can't make The Weeknd sound great, there's problems). I can't name a single song that would fit into Late Reg, Graduation, 808s or MBDTF and not feel like the worst song on the album. Even worse, I'm increasingly unable to find even singles in Kanye's work that are worth listening to more than one time. Kanye has given the world so much, but his recent track record shows that we aren't getting any more bangers from Kanye.As someone from Chicago who has liked Kanye since the beginning. He was the top music producer, rapper, and artist worldwide for a long time. Now he's not even the top rapper in Chicago.This was my last chance for Kanye, and I'm sure I'm not the only one. I'm sure that like me, everyone wants him to bounce back and make something incredible again, it isn't happening.
It's just a really messy album. very overhyped. doesn't deserve all the attention
The same boring, narcissistic rants of an artist that has lost its edge a long time ago. Not worth anybody's time. Leaving aside all the lack of morals Kanye has shown in the past years it seems there is no redeaming quality in anything he does.
Ele poderia se aposentar. Que álbum merda. Ficou apenas uma vaga lembrança de quem já foi.
This is definitely his worSt work yeT. Not cohesive at all. TheRe arE too mAny songs that sound exactly like stuff we’ve heard froM hIm before. The productions Is just lazy and reused. His voiCe and lyricism lacked. I wisH it could have been better. FrankLy, i found a lot of the songs on thIs album Weird. Yes, weird. This album is just not enjoyable at all and i want the two hours i sPent listening to it back.
This one's actually good unlike his last album Jesus Is KingThe problem is that it has too many songs 27, if some were discarded it'd be a 10/10Jail song of the year smh
Trash as always, nothing new, homophobic, trump supporter, cliche songs, bleh
Kanye's best work since The Life of Pablo, this album lived up to the expectations.
the same as always that listennks before only in an unfinished version with powerful lyrics and a repetitive and boring beat
nonsense lyrical content, boring beats, couple songs are good but the rest seems like some other unknown artist made it. sounds like rushed but it was delayed so many times I don't what the hell happened. this is not half as good as the old kanye work, he's lost his touch.
I've been fed up with the way it got literally, like, the whole music industry in the album. He's trying to blur the fact that it's nonsense, boring and bad like hell.
This album is the worst album of the year, of the decade and of the century, and maybe of the history of the humanity, please don’t lusten
This is a piece of trash like wtf? Who the heck listened here? Even BTS is better than this. Kanye need to stop rn, because we let him finished but everyone in the music industry has a better music than him.
Awful mixing with subpar beats and underwhelming choruses and lyrics. It was not hard to listen to in the good sense, essentially. One of the biggest misses of the year so far, especially coming from an artist that has shown his capabilities in the past.
OMG!!!! this is lit! i wasn’t expect this masterpiece, thank u kanye. also, ARIANA GRANDE on title track doing backing vocals WOW
Aoty aoty aoty aoty aoty Aoty aoty aoty aoty aotyAoty aoty aoty aoty aoty. Aoty aoty aoty aoty aoty
Jail and hurricane are literally the best!!!! **** Taylor and her desperate ass "supporting" Halsey now when her album dropped like 5 days ago and wants her fans to buy and stream it to block ye but he's still going to win.
4:5 SUMMERS 4:5 SUMMERS 4:5 SUMMERS 4:5 SUMMERS 4:5 SUMMERS 4:5 SUMMERS 4:5 SUMMERS 4:5 SUMMERS
Really very very good arrivo in Inghilterra Elisabetta non mi inchino poop ho da
I don't understand why that **** of @yawfi enjoys ruining the reputation of every album on kanye West's on metacritic without any argument. I invite you to delete his reviews and ban him from this site.
Not worth waiting not gonna lie. Terrible album. The worst thing I have heard in my life. Just. Ew.
He is just a troll LMAO he has not to offer anymore. You guys keep calling him a genius and everything when infact it's lifeless ****
With this album sir ye showed the audience how not to make rap music. It's totally shallow, with a foul, lifeless production and a lot of songs that make you want it to be over soon, never to be heard from again. This is horrible. Try again Kanye West.
This is the worst album ever in history!!!!!, this sh*t is so disgusting!!!!!
kanye west lixo, desserviço pra comunidade negra, não é relevante em nada e só consegue 5 segundos de atenção chamando os amigos dele que por coincidência são estupradores e homofóbicos. em resumo, a coitada da donda west tá de revirando no túmulo de perguntando porque não abortou antes
This album has evolved so much since we first heard it on the 1st listening party. Definitely has some weak points, but overall a pretty great album with some amazing tracks.
terrible album, he should of kept it to himself. don’t support him as he is a terrible person
worst album kanye has ever done. worst album of this year. im utterly disappointed.
This was so bad I considered cancelling my Spotify, what happened to Kanye?
Well, I just want to ask Kanye West, can you create music alone? why so many people joined in this album? And this album was so terrible(in my opinion).When I play first song, I almost vomit! I miss the old kanye~"hey kanye, If you are watching this comment, plz don't do music anymore! "
it's garbage, the wait was for an overproduced, unimaginative copy of frank ocean without the good singing and without much rapping at all. Repetitive droning and chanting more so than anything that could be considered rap. Sucks, don’t waste your time like I did.
One of the worst kanye produced album, he has lost his touch ever since he became religious. The last album shouldve been the life of pablo, everything released after that keeps on getting worse.
It's a skip album tbh. didn't make a noise outside US purrr. i'd still give it a 1 for effort though especially for he dramatically levitated during that streaming party he held okuuurt
Kanye tiene talento para la música, pero es difícil separar al artista de la persona cuando nos referimos a este sujeto, decir que es un cabrón sería ser demasiado cortés, no alimentaré su ego calificando bien su trabajo.
His mother must be ashamed of this album, Kanye just showed us 27 ways of wasting our time with trash.
A Kanye album was once groundbreaking good. A masterpiece in a hole. A lot has happened since dark twisted fantasy and Donda sounds just like a collection of songs. Some good some not that interesting. To me it’s really missing what he used to be so good at - direction. The last part of the album is way more interesting to me than the first. Gotta respect the good songs and that’s why I’m not rating lower. There really are good songs. Some. I actually thought it would be a concept album dedicated to his mom. Sorry to hear that doesn’t really seem to be the case. Instead it seems like an album about his ego. His media-stunts and so on. Without any regrets.
a giant pile of horse sh*t, it's easily the worst album of the year and everybody is asking mr kuntye west to retire because we've had enough of his trash music
A well-produced, faith-based, Christian/Gospel, hip-hop/rap album with an overall great theme to it. This is a huge leap forward from his last Jesus Is King album. Unlike JIK, Donda actually tells stories and the lyrics have meaning to them. The album is pretty long but it doesn't feel long at all. The features on this album don't overshadow Kanye. The album starts off with a pretty good interlude of a woman repeating "Donda". It sounds like we're in a dream and someone is trying to wake us up by shouting our name. The song is followed by Jail part I. I think that this is the perfect song to follow that Donda interlude. This is a very good song that features Jay-Z. The only issue with this song is the short Jay-Z verse. Honestly, his verse is so short and was not needed at all. I wish that they combined Jail I and II into one track. It would've made it stronger.God Breathed. This song has an amazing hook by Vory. His singing makes the song really good. He could repeat I know "God-Breathed on this." and It would sound good over the beat.Off the Grid is probably the best track that is on this album. The flow from Fivio Foreign is golden. This will be the most played song on the album.Hurricane is a song that we have all heard before. We heard many versions and this is by far the worst version of it. It isn't a bad song but the worst version that is produced.Praise God has a good flow from Baby Keem. This song sounded better live on his events. It's still one of the highlights from the album.After these songs that album has some fillers. The songs after this are not horrible. It's just meh. The filler stops at Remote Control. I think that this is another highlight of the album. I think it's well-produced and the lyrics are not too bad. It is something that I don't mind having on repeat.Moon sounds great with Kid Cudi. This sounds like it could be a sample of a new Kids See Ghosts song. It's not up to par with anything on that album but if he does in the direction of Moon for their next album it could still be good. I appreciate this song a lot.More fillers. Yes, Donda is a filler. It doesn't sound that good without Pusha T rapping on it, Ariana Grande's vocals aren't that noticeable. I didn't even realize she was singing on it on the first listen. This song might not be a filler to most people. I just think Pusha T and Ye rapping back in forth made it special.Keep My Spirit Alive
Best Kanye album in years. Fantastic to see him actually putting work into his music again.
Great album
Amazing album, great addition to the kanye west/Ye musical collection. love it
Deffo a 10/10 the haters can keep hating like all the Taylor swift fan girls but this is truly a masterpiece for sure.
Great album and I love Jesus is king too so I need these songs for my souls I love god and myself ❤️
This is an incredible album, with good and memorable tracks. I think that it have a good work on vocals.
After a long wait, Donda is finally here! With a lot of v collaborations and amazing visuals before the release, Kanye didn’t fail to create a masterpiece again. One of his best works up to this date.
The album came being straight up
The people giving zeros, not sure what to say. Sure its long and sure, it could do with some refinement in places but there are so many excellent tracks on this album and some that are really exceptional- Jesus Lord and Hurricane to name a couple. Think he's tied himself in knots a bit because of the obvious importance his mother holds in his life and coupled with the drawn out release and shenanigans with MM and Da Baby its created a bit of dissonance. But, all said, I've played it on loop since it came out and not skipped any yet and gone back to many a number of times. I thinks its huge in places and deserving of some time and appreciation. Mike Dean is so influential in any quality on this album imo. Think Ye is a bit of a dick but also a brilliant artist who at least asks questions.
One of the greatest and most ambitious projects, album of the year material.
Incredible production, fire features and some of ye's best verses in years (off the grid). Yes it's long, self-indulgent and filled with religious overtones but Kanye somehow pulls it off. He's the only one making music like this at the moment and tbh don't know anyone else that would be able to pull it off. Ye has come out of a period in the wilderness to put together a top 3 album.
Too good
album of the year no cap. worth the wait and the constant delay 10/10. go stream it
Aoty
Great in all aspects of the production but at the end of the day, lyrics kinda cringe at times
This is his second attempt at trying to redeem himself after his past album “Jesus is King”. He does this by blending In elements of “Ye” and trying to call back to his first albums, but fails to deliver. The album consists of repeated themes, and features meant to excite the audience but not provide substance.
Though (as to be expected) certainly not without its moments or lacking in ambition, "Donda" largely misses its chance to be West's return to form, continuing to exemplify many of the issues that have plagued his more recent releases: tepid, unimaginative songwriting and production, excessive length with far too much filler, and a distinct lack of the passion and creative direction that his best albums are fit to burst with.
Trash, bruh, got hyped for this boring **** I'm big sad. Waiting for this
No living hip hop artist can bring out so much raw emotion on tracks like Kanye can. Fantastic songs. Album of life.
don’t support this bully, h0mophobic and s3xual assault apologist!!! instead stream red (tv) out on november 19
the fact that kanye west would collab with marilyn manson, an abuser and a rapist, a man who beat and tortured women, automatically makes it a terrible album to me. manson honestly deserves to be in jail and it’s unbelievable that he still has a career - the reason he still has a career is because of people like kanye collaborating with him. it’s truly shameful and i wouldn’t even dream of supporting kanye after this ….
uma merda sonora com direito a feat com homofobico q debocha de aids e um estuprador acusado de abuso sexual
Azaelia was right when she said that this album ir pure garbage. The best part is when the album is over, I'm ashamed for him.
Donda is album of the life, a great tribute to his late motherThose haters didn’t even listen to the album and those critics just downvoted this just because of Manson
Amazing, simply simply amazing. Lots of beautiful sounds! The rollout was also impresdive
You could cut at least 10 of these tracks and be left with a great album….
Tough to tell where this ranks among his best albums but that should tell you all you need to know: that he is back to his top form and this is some of his best work. The "god" angle he shoehorns into each song can be and frankly IS a bit annoying depending where you come down on religion but I'm not sure it takes enough away from it to keep this out of my music rotation this summer and beyond.
Subpar offering from a legend of hip-hop. Kanye can't help himself and includes every single idea that he has on the album, not mattering if it sounds good. So many half-baked songs and honestly filler. Only a handful of songs OUT OF 23 are worth listening to a second time.
This album was very disappointing. His previous albums at least had some hits, but every song on Donda sounds like an interlude to nowhere.
odiadores odiaran porque kanye escupe verdadesGODnye westcuck swifties y zzzpoppers
Awesome album. Worth the wait. Worth the pain. Very introspective, very relatable. Ye wears his his heart on his sleeve. Great features as well. Ye said this was album of the life, and he is correct. This album represents not only his life, but a lot of other people's lives too. Everyone is going to feel lost and upset sometimes, lose a loved one, have relationship issues, but there is always light at the end of the tunnel. That is what DONDA is about.
simplesmente perfeito igual tudo do kanye, amei o som as letras praticamente tudo, só não gostei do feat com o Marilyn Manson
The best album Kanye released. Vocals, beats, everything is perfect. Only weak song is Tell the Vision, and other than weak features, this album is absolutely amazing. Album of the Decade.
A perfect balance between all the sounds Kanye has used throughout his career. Giving radio hits and also emotional songs. Never heard a 27 song album with no skips until this one.
Donda is what I wanted Jesus is King to be. I was skeptical cause the last two solo Kanye albums (Ye and Jesus is King) while not bad, they were meh. But to my surprise, Donda lived up to the hype and then some. Why I always respect Kanye is regardless if you like, love, dislike or even despise his albums, you cant deny that he constantly reinvent himself with each album (he doesn’t have the problem that Drake has where almost every project he does feels the same and doesn’t explore any new ground) and he’s somebody who pushes his features to bring their A game. That was the case for MBDTF and it’s the case with Donda. My favorite tracks on the album were Hurricane, Moon, 24, Come to Life and Jail. The misses I have for the album, are Tell the Vision, the final four tracks (which essentially alternate versions of Jail, Ok Ok, Junya and Jesus Lord) don’t feel necessary, the album is a bit long for some, and i have mixed feelings on essentially a clean version with censors. Donda was the few albums that have me a spiritual experience.
이번 앨범은 TLOP급이라고 생각합니다 우선 가스펠 사운드가 인상깊었어요 전작보다 가스펠 사운드를 더 사용하면서 다양한 음들을 넣었습니다 어떤 critic에서는 24라는 트랙을 비판했지만 저는 신디사이저를 통해 가스펠을 잘 녹여냈다고, 오히려 Donda 앨범의 색을 더 뚜렷하게 보여줬다고 생각하네요 사운드에 대한 감각은 여전히 잘 보여주고 이를 통해 칸예가 전하고자 하는 바도 잘 드러났습니다 donda가 마치 마리아처럼 느껴지기도 했네요I love Ye
this is the album of life. a reason to breathe. a cultural reset. thank you kanye west for this masterpiece.
This album completely accomplishes want Kanye was wanting to do and this is by far the best album I have heard in awhile
After listening to this for 4 times already i want to do a proper review. I started to really enjoy this album. It feels like this decades MBDTF. Its beautiful, overwhelming and bizarre in places, and it's going to took a lot more than a single listen to truly figure out how i feel about it. It has a great cohesive track list that starts off much more somber and dark but slowly becomes much more lighter and brighter. With beautiful features from Jay-Z, Kid Cudi,Playboi Carti, The Weeknd, Fivio Foreign and many others who all go hard and deliver. People are free to criticize Kanye's desire to push the boundaries of art once more. There are limits to punching someone and getting away with it because "it's for the art!"On the other hand, you can't trash review a record without at least acknowledging the aim.The album will be remembered for its historical significance.
Great amazing Album!hevsbjava jabsvgshsjbavsvsjshvsvsvsjbsvdvdhdhbsvsvsjsjvscs
Donda is so good, the album is for her mom and it’s so good, the lyrics, the verses and the production it’s so good, Ye can only made this good
Amazing album. Lots of different eras of Kanye, mixed with progressive sounds. Heartfelt lyrics. Great ensemble. Really wish the uncensored version was out.The critics are off in their reviews. Kanye's MAGA hat may have ruined him in their eyes.
At the first i didn’t like it that much but it grew on me after the 3rd listen.I love it this might be Aoty
Kanye West delivered a true musical masterpiece of inestimable value. It sounds so mature and I can feel like this is just like Yeezus. It’s just too ahead of its time and when people will get it it’ll be too late. Thank you Ye that’s just what we needed
This album is not just a simple album, it's a perfect album it's a work of a lifetime. U know i started listening kanye with Yeezus this album was a inspiration for my way of thinking, with Donda i find again this inspiration.Now i want to talk about these featuring BRO Playboi Carti is a **** goat on off the grid same for Fivio**** drake**** drake**** drake
Truly an incredible album, and no doubt the rightful winner of AOTY.Notable songs include; Donda, Come to Life, Jesus Lord, 24 and Believe What I Say.Not surprising to see this album is breaking a countless number of records given how great it is.
Donda opens with a rhythmic chanting of the rappers late mother’s name and sets the tone for an unorthodox, compelling and at times even unsettling journey in to the mind of arguably the 21st centuries most influential artists.The project has been a long time coming and faced numerous delays in a campaign that has drawn attention and criticism in equal measure and the added attention has not been unwarranted. Donda contains Ye’s largest and most diverse collection and of songs and at times the albums length can feel daunting and the addition of the pt2 remixes can feel a little like an effort to market the rappers upcoming Stem Player (a device which allows users to remix and edit songs on the fly) but no album containing instant classics like Hurricane, Jail, OK OK, Heaven and Hell and the Lauryn Hill sampled Believe What I Say (Kanye’s most dancefloor ready cut since 2016’s Fade) can be considered anything but a 10/10 especially in today’s landscape of albums only serving as a vehicle for Tik Tok targeted singles and lacking substance, Donda has heart, beauty and genuine emotion and is well worth a listen, play around with it, edit the order, cut the songs you choose, do anything just don’t ignore it.
I've noticed most of the professionals forgot to mention the music instead highlighted the allegations of one of the features, I personally do not think thats how you professionally review music/sound. This album has one of the highest levels of quatily that Ye has released, along the side of both MBDTF and TLOP. Each track feels new and fresh, starting off with Jail; starts off with an amazing guitar that makes you feel like you're at a stadium along the crazy hook and one of the best verses I've heard all year from his throne partner Jay Z. I'm not gonna review each track on here but I do believe after more listening I might consider this to be one of his greatest projects, the way Kanye influences his features and how Ye takes influence from the features to creat the perfect sound/track, it is truly amazing how good of a musician/artist Ye is and it's sad how all of this is overlooked over one feature's "allegations".One of the biggest negatives of the album is the how many tracks there are on this album but that could also be a positive depending on your preferences. Favorite Tracks: Jail/ God Breathed/ Off The Grid/ Hurricane/ Praise God/ Jonah/ Ok Ok/ Junya /Moon / Heaven and Hell/ Keep My Spirit Alive/ Pure Souls/ Come to Life/ No Child Left BehindSkips: Tell The Vision/Lord I Need YouHighlighted Features: Jay Z/ Playboi Carti/ Fivio Foreign/ The Weeknd/Don Toliver/ Kid Cudi/ Roddy Rich/ GriseldaOverall review: 9.3/10- I recommend this to anyone who is loves music or rap. - I don't recommend to anyone gets offended by religion or who gets bother with the fact that Marilyn Manson helped with Jail 2.
The best we’ve seen from Kanye in a long time. Just when people started ruling him out, he came back with a piece of art that has everyone talking. We saw glimpses of what Kanye could still do through albums like Ye and KSG but this album brought it home. It was an amazing experience to be a part of through the various listening parties and will go down as one of the best Ye eras. Happy we have a finished product where we can all tell Kanye focused on the project
Kanye has mixed performance art with his music to create an entire experience with this album. No matter the controversies, this album is one to remember. The haters are disproven already by the countless records this album has broken. The Ye we love has delivered us another beautiful and holy piece of art. Amen.
donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda
O MAIORAL, AVISA!!! O MELHOR DO KANYE #MINHAOPINIAOfod4 demais, a presença do the weeknd, travis scott, playboi carti, etc..
Finding positive aspects of Donda is not difficult at all. The mixing is well-done and this is an album that is pleasant to listen to. The numerous featured artists are something to marvel at. Sometimes it can feel like artists are piled onto albums as features and it can be a bit nauseating. With Donda, though, this feels more calculated and planned out.A few pitfalls can be found with the ordering of the tracks. At times, the sequence of songs feels a bit disjointed, but this isn’t something that has a detrimental effect.
an album worth your time. imagine tlop but it’s the life of kanye instead.
One of the best albums of this year. Very well produced and mixed. Kanye out did the expectations the roll out was great.
Man ... this is the album of the life You can't be listening to Hurricane and say you're not moved by it
Without a doubt this is a classic album. Many will say it’s “too different” or “weird” just like they did with 808’s and Yeezus, but wait a year or so and it’ll be right up there with the pinnacle Kanye albums.
Donda, his tenth album by ye, is one of his most complete projects that he has carried out throughout his musical career, it is possibly ahead of his time, but it is stupid for them to criticize an album entirely just for a collaboration, really what the magazines do not capture the message that kanye is transmitting to us, as this album still carries the theme of religiosity, one of its messages is that God forgives everyone for our sins, no matter what you have done in the past, the fact is that this album carries fragments of his previous projects.
Аn album that allows us to feel close to God, full of unexpected guests and the thoughts we need
Um album com participação de um homofóbico e de um ESTUPRADOR, não mereceria uma boa avaliação nem se escrito por DeusÉ nojento e degradante, e de uma falta de sensibilidade absurda. Vocês realmente vão apoiar alguém que apoia um criminoso tão vil e que nunca mais deveria trabalhar na indústria? Quantas mulheres e quantos lgbts sofrem todos dias com esses crimes, e imagina sofrer com isso é ver seu abusador em um album de sucesso, e não com a carreira acabada
Very interesting album and must alsoVery interesting album and has yet to be officially released
And that what we all waiting for a long time? Kanye is hype machine, for sure. But the album is really trash.
wasted my time listening to this trash, what a mess, no doubt this is one of the worst albums I've ever listened to, let's pretend it does not exist.
One of the first reviews for this...well I guess im not really making a review lol
it's just really bad, the expectation is high and it's just that, but that's it, the expected
weak nonsensical lyrics, boring beats. 1 or 2 decent songs and the rest are absolutely terrible. incredibly overrated and disappointing.
Ascoltato il 2º listening party dell ultimo disco di Kanye West posso dare un parere a freddo. È un mix fra yeezus, tlop e jik, i primi due per come è strutturato, il secondo per le sonorità. In generale buon disco anche se nulla di stratosferico,anche se è un disco molto più deciso e sicuro di sé, tutto molto più variegato e in generale molto più avanti rispetto all ultimo uscito. Per come è strutturato come ho detto è molto simile a yeezus e tlop (forse più al primo), senza singoli usciti in anticipoe canzoni che spiccano eccessivamente rispetto alle altre. Per il resto, testi ben curati e alcune idee molto interessanti. Per ora è un 6,5/10 molto relativo e variabile.
It's unbelievable how mediocre West is. His music no longer sounds like art, just a cluster of lyrics seeking solace in the media scandal. West made the worst possible choices
Incredible production and amazing list of features. The censored version of songs are a little disruptive with the volume cuts. Will be an all time classic once the explicit version drops.
This album is a hot mess, too many songs, got bored quickly. He should’ve kept it shorter.
Album of the century album of the life album of the lifetime masterpiece what else is there to say
Art is art but there is nothing on this earth that is worth featuring two abusive men & a homophobe on this album. There is nothing new other than these s candles. It sounds like his previous albums and not in a good way.
This is just an over-produced, disappointing piece of work that shames the discography Kanye West has produced in the far past.
obrigada kanye por entregar tudo e mais um pouco. um album tocante demais, fala sobre luto, apreciação da vida, e a esperança de um futuro melhor mesmo quando nós mesmos não acreditamos que somos capazes.
Very disappointing. The album is messy and the production is not great. Kanye could've done much better.
Too much hype for a disappointing album. Didn't meet my expectations whatsoever.
the best song on this album is a 4/10. not a lot of redeemable qualities on this.
If you thought Jesus is King was bad, get ready for this. The man who used to make precise perfect albums that you had no problem listening to from start to finish, presents you with 27 songs clocking in just under 2 hours. The first track is a great intro of what's to come. If you enjoy that song, you'll love the rest of the trash. Hurricane is a good song, that's about it.
Incredibly over-hyped album, it's all over the place and has no structure. Overproduced with questionable features. Disappointing.
Perfeito! Diversidade de ritmos e estilos sonoros. Uma experiência musical nova e diferente do que vemos na indústria. Conceito sólido e estética impecável
Really? 2-3 tracks of album with 27 on, in my playlist for week-two. Rest? I don`t have words to describe it.Another "genius masterpiece". Just listen "Tell The Vision". You may understand what i'm talking about.
Weak songs, overproduced and the collaborations are disgusting. Will Kanye make good albums again? All the wait and buzz for him drop this? An album all over the place, repetitive and incoherent.
Not worth the wait. Flat beats and all sounds similar. Kinda disappointing really
Not good at all! People who voted him 10/10 probably just supporting him without even considering music quality lmao. Trash album
I went into this album with high expectations ( since it’s been delayed so much), but came out feeling empty. There’s not a single song on this album that I like. I hope most of y’all could enjoy it, cause I simply could not.
I just can't stand the fact that this album has feats with Marilyn Manson and DaBaby... It's a 0 for me
And the worst album of this year goes to Donda by Ye West! Wish I Could take back my time
It's just an horrific album. When you have Marilyn Manson and DaBaby on your album you can't expect it to be any other way.
lol not good at all. People who rated 10 are probably just supporting him without even considering the music quality.
Essa narrativa cansou tornado exaustiva e desgastante quando não se pode acreditar nas palavras dele.Ele apoia estuprador e homofóbico então o trabalho dele só pode ser considerado lixo
A mess with no direction. Very similar to Kanye’s disorganized thought processes.
he really should’ve kept half of the album in the drafts cuz it’s full of fillers, i won’t be streaming anymore.
The worst album anyone could have the bad luck to listen to. From the beginning to the end. No excuses,
just a bad album made by a trash person, has like 3 acceptable songs and the rest is just pure filler
2 stand out tracks, the rest was church and it ain’t Sunday… just not my vibe… we will always have my beautiful dark twisted Fantacy
Lixoso e sem conteúdo, massante tbm, mt feio, mt imaturo,desgastante desnecessário e ruim pra porra, kanye west não é artista, pica pau biruleta do us.
Has he heard of making cuts to an album? Some possible good but over looked by too much filler.
terrível deus que me perdoe k. evermore outsold. evermore outsold. evermore outsold. evermore outsold. evermore outsold. evermore outsold. evermore outsold. evermore outsold. evermore outsold.
zzzzz pura asquerosidad y este era el q se autodenominaba "DIOS " no puedo creer lo sobrevalorado q esta
Definitivamente la cuarentena no fue lo peor del año, ahora tenemos esta cosa espantosa
I think it’s a mixture of all his works, there are good feat but not well developed
Hate this album, the lyrics are just zzzzzz. I don't know, I don't feel the old and good kanye west in this album
awful, his worst album. all that hype for NOTHING, and why aren’t all the other singers credited??
When you want to give too much you combine a mistake shshsgsgsgsgsgsggssggsgsgsgsgshd
Insanely good music. Kanye West is GOAT. The sky is blue. Every song is at least an 8.5 (with 5 of them 10 imo). His best album i dare say, even better than MBDTF. When people listen to it they’ll go mad, great features who all do equally well and sing sick verses/lyrics
A lot of people could not capture the album experience unless you went to the listening event. It was a much different experience Everyone was bumping their heads to unheard music as if they've heard it before. This album is a piece of artwork when you look at all the collaborations and contributions.
No es tan bueno como sus trabajos anteriores,pero igual tiene un valor de produccion increíble
Just more typical self centered Kanye being self centered Kanye.In a world living in a pandemic, tragedy all around, people dying, rampant racism, i think there's no better time to focus on how Kanye West feels about his dead mother from 15 years ago after a botched cosmetic surgery.Let's not mince words. Kanye west is a deluded narcissist, and a lot of that has been seen in his performances and music. This is just more of your typical, rushed (bc of quality, not due to lack of spending time on it) product that just doesn't sound well. There's some gems here, but a majority of this album is filler to stoke Kanye's ego and earn him more money. I think Kanye has absolutely lost it, and the from now on the only reason his name will be googled will be just to continue to observe his dumpster fire of a life.
This is the most rancid album he’s put out 0/10 jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj

Not a fan of this album. It feels unfinished and there's nothing amazing about the album. Feels recycled.
Terrible terrible terrible album, a bunch of filler with no real standout. All those songs are no room for new body? ASS
the worst album ever made, big no, just no. also, he's working with a homophobic, rapist, abuser nah i'm not gonna support, and its a trash album anyway
Scrap the album, don’t waste your time. It’s like The Game of Thrones - long waiting with a trashy final.
Honestly, this album has many flaws: this amount of tracks is too much for a studio album.
I've been an engaged Kanye listener from the beginning but it feels like work to make it through this album. If it weren't for a number of solid collaborations (e.g. Jay Electronica, Pop Smoke, Westside Gunn, etc.) it would be two hours of bad jokes, a billionaire sized portion of self-pity, and paradoxical attempts at anti-consumerism, not to mention the album literally coming across as preachy. If "Ye" is your spiritual advisor in this year of 2021, we probably have a much different vision for the future of humanity.
beautiful, spiritual, expressive, best kanye west album since the life of pablo
Maybe it's not the Best album of ye, it feels like something left un this álbum
7/24Review: Being that this album is not officially release yet metacritic can do what they see fit with this review. If I'm being brutally honest this is Kanye's worse album. Thank god he's delaying this, as it seems thrown together quite frankly. The only tracks I could get behind was No Child Left Behind and Don Trolliver's feature in MOON. At some points the infamous leaked versions of Donda seemed to be an improvement. For example, the changes to Hurricane, that was leaked back in 2019, seemed to do nothing but take away from the song and muddy the production. Kanye needs to start taking his meds again. Not good. 3/108/29 Review Official Release: My god has it improved so drastically. It's a completely new experience and while the alt versions of songs feel just unnecessary and it's certainly not his best work, it's a beautiful, well-put-together album. 9/10, but I'm gonna put 10/10 just in an attempt to counter the 0/10 reviews that are basing their review off of Kanye's character and not the album.
So boring, i'd rather listen a BTS album than this. Almost 2 hours of nothing good. One of the worst albums of all time. Boring at all starting with the cover
Kanye "Rape-Apologist" WestThe almost laughable inclusion of Marilyn Manson on a track called Jail pt2 is enraging and shows Kanye's true colours, this review is for all the women abused by this monster - my prayers go out to you.
I simply cannot listen to an album full of homophobic, abusers and rapist men. Garbage
Really good, a bit too long but great features. Great lyrics, rushed production but it still hits hard.
Kanye became a parody of himself and that's sad as hell. Bringing people like DaBaby and Marilyn Manson does not help him either.
His worst so far, Ye and JIK are terrible, a terrible run, hes going and moving like a madnan, really a pro-"freespeech" but done wrong, an advocate to lunacy
This is one of Kanye's best works. A lot of features killing it, and his production really is the cherry on top of the cake.
This is the worst album of all time, Taylor Swift ended him, drake ended him, stream the new Halsey's album, periodt
boring, trash, just a amount of garbage // album chulo nojento podre lixento
Su persona deja mucho que desear no podemos dejar que un homofóbico machista tenga éxito después de todo lo que hizo
Bloated with filler that would give Kylie Jenner’s lips a run for it’s money. Questionable production choices, mediocre feature performances, and lyricism that really comes off as desperate and cringy. It’s sad to see such a talented person waste their artistic potential so remarkably.
There is a significant difference between art and spectacle. Donda is a spectacle that is under produced, lacks depth, and lacks true artistry. Kanye West fans will try and defend this album with secret meanings and a blind following of their so called rap Messiah but will fail to accept the simple fact that Donda is not good. No, just because the artist has intent does not mean it is a good tribute and no, just because Kanye has put out good works in the past doesn't mean his new work will be of the same quality automatically. Frankly I would rather listen to mediocre stuff put out by a 15 year old on SoundCloud than Donda.
West is blonde and gone - Lana Del ReyDon't need explain about other ego album from this man
Monotonous sounds, basic lyrics, pathetic aesthetics, nothing new. Absolute overvaluation.
nothing new, same old same old, one would even call it 'boring', disappointing, to say the leasteven kim had to listen to this album on mute
So sad to see one of music’s biggest names make such an unsolid and underwhelming album.
So much auto tune, boring songs, bad choice. I really disappointed !Nahhhh
Thera are only some good songs on this album. the ress is sort of like filler songs to me. to me its kinda too long and unfinished. kinda overated. but maybe ill change my opinion after i have listen to this album a few more times
A work superior to the previous one, with better lyrics, a more solid concept. One of the best versions of Kanye in recent years.
This is all over a great album. Kanye is rapping at the best level in a long time, great features, amazing production. Coming from JIK this is a great bounce back.
A produção do álbum impecável, a sonoridade impecável, lírica impecável, haters impecáveis perdendo o tempo precioso deles pra vir aqui dar 0, tudo impecável, mas como a bancada de velhos vai analisar mais as polêmicas do que a produção e a qualidade do álbum em si sabemos que vai amarelar com certeza ❤️
This ain’t the album of the year. For real, for realThis the album of life.
Simplesmente kanye west fanfanagnatjtantanatntanymyantanlatnltantapnfapnfaa
Album is a acquired taste for sure, but if you can get past that it's a amazing album. For 27 tracks the album holds it own for the whole hour and a half which is impressive. This is Jesus Is King and TLOP mixed together.
omg this album is sooooo good im creaming!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you're just here to rate it 0 because you can't form your own opinion you're lame as ****
Um albúm na qual estão presentes um estuprador, e um homofóbico, é um show completo de horrores, na qual west os introduz em canções vazias, na qual o conceito gira em torno de louvores a uma divindade e religiosidade, é no entanto contraditório e vergonhoso.
Ye’s most boring album yet! Listened to it a few times now to try to find any redeeming quality, but can’t.
Kanye West supports rape-accused and homophobic artists who talk s*** about HIV. Enough said.
Just a copy and paste. Kanye makes an attempt at shoking people by involving abusers. A whack attempt at a "power move" that doesn't save this album from it's terrible quality.
This album's **** and a **** fever dream, as an example, on Remote Control adding Globgobgabgalab in the end, **** album.
The Best Album of the Word the best features and quality of sound. Ye is a genius
A lot of mixed feelings but álbum delivered.Only thing bad from this album is the cover art. It feels complete and really well produced
kanye realized he’s run out of new things to do so he made a masterful amalgamation of his entire career
Just full of bangers with such grand melodies. A must listen for allllllll.
Perfection. this work was worth waiting for, I have nothing more to say a "Hurricane" stole my words!PT-BR: Perfeição. valeu a pena esperar essa obra, não tenho mais o que dizer um "Hurricane" roubou minhas palavras!
Es un pesimo album, Kanye West se ha quedado sin ideas y el cree que haciendo cosas extrañas va a funcionar, pero esta vez no, es un album exageradamente largo y sin sentido.
kanye never disappointed us, right, this album is a pure masterpiece and no one can say anything bad about it
It's such a boring album! That's all, just boring, nothing special. Sorry...
I'm giving the album 0 because Kayne did intensely feature 4 abusers in it. This is clearly a way to support violence & discrimination.
This exceeded my exception. Definitely not tik tok music
Álbum horrível péssimo ridículo Kanye é um idiota fudido só faz coisa ruim
A bloated, incohesive, overhyped album with around 2-3 very good songs, comparing this to his older works genuinely hurts.
Very Beautiful album. Very good production, expected from Mr West. Only thing i would say is if he left out a few songs and kept maybe 15 of the good songs. I would say it would be top 5 kanye. Other that that it's great, and love it.
Kanye's fighting his own discography at this point. Its not Dark Fantasy, Its not 808's but it has elements of both and any critic can find flaws in this album. It's still good music within the 27 songs, but it's still 27 songs.
Kanye west made a such magical piece of art work , something to carry for your entire life ❤
mico do ano que nem tudo que esse fracassado já se propôs a fazer durante a carreira imunda dele que é inteiramente escorada em polêmica.
El álbum termina siendo genérico y similar a su ultimo proyecto, con intros o diálogos no tan correctos.
This album is like a new journey for Kanye. It kinda has a gospel vibe, but far from being a hit on the radio.
it really is a ridiculous album, null instrumentals and terrible songs, horror
I’ve been a massive Kanye fan in the past but this project is awful. He used to be the GOAT but he’s just strange now. Not to mention working with a rapist and a homophobe. Gross
i really don't like it, the vocals and the lyrics doesn't make any sense, really.
Production was amazing. Features were great. Ye's lyrics were a little weak but fit with the album's sound. I was impressed by the album. Not perfect, but I don't think the negative reviews are warranted.
Horrible and disappointing. This is the worst album that has ever been released.
Incredible album that no other artist would be capable of creating. A mix of all his previous albums combined
Flat production, almost all track sounds similar. Disappointing after long wait
Definitely Kayne proves that women in the music industry do a much better job, DONDA doesn't go beyond the basics of the album, it lacks everything, and the fact that she has put so many songs on it makes it terrible.
Unbelievable, could possibly be his best album. I thought the length would be a problem but it made it even better
It really grew on me after listening to it again I will give it a 7 this time
From the concept to the delivery, Donda is a roller coaster of emotions from an artist that dedicated his whole life to one important person, trying as much as he can to reach his mother. This is not just a Kanye album, is a generation of hip hop trying to reach with Kanye a common good.
Dont find it too long anymore, cant say one song that i disslike on the album. Is it just me but kanyes singing voice is for the first time really nice on this album?!
Works with sexual abusers and homophobes. Shames other people for his misfortunes and behaves like a spoilt child
Another album that really shows us that Kanye should have retired in 2009, What was once a promising artist, today only sins of repetitive and conflicting.
Un álbum sin sentido, con sonidos totalmente diferentes que hacen que no sea cohesivo. La canción del opening es una completa asquerosidad, y que no haya quitado a DaBaby da asco. EL PEOR ÁLBUM DEL AÑO
Grotesque music . I heard it before it was released and I was disgusted. One of the main reason why I divorced him
It’s just getting worse as he goes, he’s trying to reinvent himself like many others do and it’s just not clicking
Dababy??? Marilyn Manson??? this is unforgivable. you don't give visibility to horrible people like that unless you're an **** like them. there's no way to defend **** like that
The rollout was predictably messy, the sequencing of the tracks could be better (I think he had more of this right during the first two listening parties), and yes, there could be a few tracks cut (Tell the Vision), but considering the length of the album and some of Kanye's lows in recent years, this is an incredible collection of songs, production, features, and ideas.As a Kanye fan from the beginning, I'd easily put Jail, Off The Grid, Hurricane, Praise God, Believe What I Say, Moon, Heaven and Hell, Jesus Lord, New Again, Pure Souls, Come to Life, Ok Ok pt 2, and Jesus Lord pt 2 in the top half of tracks all-time list with some of them going even higher.Considering Kanye's standing with the public overall in the past few years (and speaking personally), I understand it being hard to sometimes separate the man's words and actions from the music, but it definitely feels like the divisive reviews of this album have far less to do with the actual music here and more to do with peoples' current feelings on the man himself. That's fair I suppose to some degree, but I feel like with time the consensus on the music and album itself will only grow in estimation.
Amazing. I honestly love the core songs of the album. (Excluding the Part 2 songs which are really good in there own regard)
Outside of moon and hurricane, for an album that is almost 2 hours there sure is alot of garbage. Kanye jumped the shark on this one. Biggest disappointment of 2021 thus far.
Trash! Offensive!
West Sub Ever stays on top fr. Easily album of the year. The album Donda is a deeply personal and moving introspective look at Kanye’s life in its entirety. We haven’t gotten something this personal from Ye since 808. Absolutely incredible album that continues to cement his undeniable legacy. No two songs sound the same on Donda. Thank you Kanye, for this truly amazing work of art.
A true masterpiece of creativity. One of Kanye’s greatest achievements. Incredible production and a stunning feature list, this is something you can pick apart and examine for months
Its a Masterpiece. Definitely his best album in years. My favorite tracks are jail, off the grid, jonah, moon, pure soals, come to life, and no child left behind.
For sure this might be one of the best projects Kanye has dropped since TLOP. I only have one complaint about this album and its the amount of songs it carried. When i saw it I was shocked but it didn’t stop me. I personally loved each track, since i felt each and every one of them in a personal level. The song ‘Tell the vision’ was a little unnecessary since it didn’t fit the theme of this project. Overall i felt sure that i was satisfied with my opinion.
I don't usually listen to a Rap album but Donda is truly something else. The emotion packed in the songs is conveyed beautifully through the melody and lyrics.
Horrible, horrible album. Genre should change to gospel, 2 good tracks out of 26. Definitely his worst album, there's even a song with a woman saying Donda repeatedly a million times.
A few songs are decent but they’re still hard to finish. I haven’t listened to Kanye since TLOP - but his last few records must’ve been pretty bad for fans to praise this bs highly - the dated synth sounds all over this thing need a lot of work
Uma merda assim como tudo o que ele faz! Mto ruim… espero que não lance mais nada
Kanye West finds beauty within Chaos. A return to form for Ye on this 10th LP.
Tan poco necesario sacar un álbum igual al anterior solo por su narcisismo, urge retiro a este pedazo de kk seca Ayyyy me Dondaaaaa ☠️☠️☠️
This album is already among Kanye’s best works. After what many people thought was a slightly disappointing last solo album (Jesus Is King), Kanye has returned to rapping and delivering on all fronts. With a healthy mix of bangers like Junya, Off The Grid and Ok Ok, some deep cuts including Jesus Lord and 24, as well as some romantic slower songs like Lord I Need You and Jonah, this album has a bit of everything and Kanye is showing yet again how he can deliver unlike anyone else. Despite being over 2 decades into his musical career, Kanye is still able to put out top-tier music (and grab everyone’s attention in the process).
1st spin of the album, music sound amazing, but nothing really new so far in terms of lyrics. Album seems unfinished, but we could have been waiting months to years for further tweak's.Think the rating will improve with spins, Jail & Jesus Lord ,for now as my recommendation
Awful sounds , was expecting more There are a quite good lines but everything sounds boring and plane
Album of the life, sonically the most beautiful album I’ve heard in recent memory
I like the flow of the record; where some people say it's too long, I say each song is so absorbing, I never want them to end. perfect production as always, each track is a banger. well worth the wait!
The album is good, inspired and varied. Not everything is perfect, and ye is often outperformed by the guests appearing on the record lyrically. Some tracks are a little too rough and some a little too fleshed out. Tell the vision is just **** even as a interlude. However, the majority of the songs are really great, particularly those towards the beginning and the end. A big pickup after JIK in my opinion and if worked on, post release, would reach toward a 8 or 9.
Truly a beautiful tribute to his mother Donda West. Every Kanye album is a new sound and this one didn’t disappoint. It’s like a combination of the life of Pablo and Jesus is king and it’s truly incredible. You have typical hits like Hurricane, Off the grid, and Jail. But you also have some beautiful songs like Come to life which in my opinion is one of Kanye’s best songs. And you have other deep and personal songs like Jesus lord. Overall in the future, I can see this creating a new generation of sound just like 808s and heartbreaks did truly an amazing album.
One has to recognize the attempt at reconciliation with the realm of times that we live in that Kanye West is attempting to portray with this album to appreciate the momentous journey Kanye takes us on with Donda. We start off with Jail, the recognition of the prison industrial complex geared toward the incarceration of black men and so begins the cyclical nature of this system (and album)The album starts off dark, angry, aggressive with moments of clarity and transitions into the pure beauty and joyfulness of finding God, (as He has always been present throughout the album). The album progresses, shifts, changes, consistently drawing toward the inevitable connection with Jesus through Come to Life and No Child Left Behind, a meditation on spiritual music and the polar opposite tonally with the starting track of Jail.Jail Pt. 2 then goes back to the beginning, again, invoking the cyclical nature of both of the incarceration systems, but this time calling out cancel culture and the forgiveness that God invokes by utilizing two "canceled" artists DaBaby and Marylin Manson. This itself becomes a biblical discussion on forgiveness:"Threw me out like I'm garbage, huh?And that food that y'all took off my tableYou know that feed my daughters, huh? (Mmm) "talks about (without taking responsibility for) his words at Rolling Rock, his own jump face-first into cancel culture through his ignorance and horrifically stereotyping of gay men. DaBaby then talks about being a product of the experience of his reality, growing up with drug dealing parents, and a mother who has to make money to keep her kids alive. It's an explanation without an apology, without taking responsibility, but Kanye seems to be saying in the end only God can judge and God will forgive.It's Kanye's best album since Yeezus, possibly his third best album after A Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, a collection of spiritual musings, a journey into the cycle of life, and an explanation of so many things Kanye deals with his mental health issues, connection to God, and His pure creative genius.10/10.
Even with the duds. The gems are so good. If he cut this to 15/16 tracks they would all be upper tier and would be an instant masterpiece. Not a classic but definitely a masterpiece
Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda Donda
Great album, more than I could have dreamed of. So many nice features ass week. Love Hurricane, Jonah, Believe what I say, 24, Moon, Keep my Spirit Alive, No Child Left Behind, but there's a lot of gems on this one. Ye's the true GOAT
All spectacle and controversy with no substance. Kanye’s inclusion of Marilyn Manson and DaBaby to take advantage of their “scandals” underlies the ignorant noise that’s replaced the genius.
Nada de reinvención, mismo bodrio, aburrido y sin chiste como toda su discografía.
This album is just a mess, there are a few good songs but sir, 27 tracks… The tracklist is just all over the place, making difficult to get involved in the project. Most of the collaborations don’t bring anything exciting and there are a lot of skips. The last thing, Ariana Grande is not featured in the title track “Donda”, it’s other girl, so i don’t understand why he didn’t clarified that, Ariana had to do it yesterday on ig.
Absolutely incredible. You can hate Kanye but you can't deny his Genius. Haven't stopped listening to it since it was released.
Amazing album, cinematic production, fantastic features and lots of varying styles incorporated into the album
One of kanye's best albums since the MBDTF era, it's very emotional and unique, a real masterpiece.
This album is great, but its just too long. I'd cut it down to 15 songs max. If that'd be the case it could be a 9 out of 10.Zero? Really folks? Classic Liberal Cancel Culture!
An album worthy of his late mothers name and a true return to form for mr west.
I actually listened to the album unlike most here. Easily one of Ye’s most fantastic and polarizing projects. Emotionally hard hitting and groundbreaking messages. Good luck drake lol.
beautiful production, incredible feature parts and raw emotions on the back end of the record. album of the life!
Masterpiece! simple as that! people hating whenever god is involved... tragic really
Tremenda basura auditiva, ya retírate mierkanye, urge que se sidaj amén, #StreamFolklore
i love this album so much and the new age energy it brings. Kanye has done it again with a new addition to his discography, and one that won’t be forgotten for a long time. The listening parties were history with millions of viewers.
Donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda DONDA DONDA DONDA
album of the life y’all sleeping
Amazing! What a come back for Kanye West. The beats are amazing, the features are great, and Kanye raps some genius bars. Thank you Kanye for the amazing album. Album of the year.
This is Kanye at his best since The Life of Pablo, it has some fillers but the core album is great.
Amazing AlbumGoated FeaturesI Really Enjoyed It At The First ListenHooks Are Great, Flows Are Unique , Production Is On God Tier But The Only Problem With The Album Is Some Of The LyricsEverything Expect From That Are FantasticMost Fav Tracks: No Child Left Behind , Moon , Jail , Jonah , God Breathed , Jesus Lord , 24 , Remote Control , Pure Souls , Heaven And HellLeast Fav Tracks: Tell The Vision
After a hellish wait, Kanye delivers what can only be described as a phenomenal piece of work that almost makes you forget that it took about a year too long to come out, because it somehow still feels worth it.
An album that lives up to expectations. Kanye's music is high quality and beautiful. My favorite songs are off the grid, praise god, hurricane and moon. finally, f**k taylor fans.
Album truly starts hitting on the 3rd - 4th listen when you have truly taken in the symbolism, the lyrics and message these convey. It’s not just music, it’s art. It should analyzed and evaluated as such. Brilliant work Kanye.
The best album. Es el mejor álbum que ha salido este año. Un año donde la música nada más esta siendo repetitiva con los mismos ritmos y los artistas cada vez pierden sentimiento a la hora de componer y/o publicar algo. Llega
Horrible album just bad and has no redemption value is truly one of the worst albums I have ever heard
Kanye seu racista e homofóbico!!! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa espero muito que você nasça de novo pq nessa encarnação tu é horrível
Marilyn Manson and DaBaby?!? WTF?!? Kanye is the worst embodiment of a human and it's not even worth a listen.
The first track gave me optimism but every track after was so poor, auto tune nonsense, still a Kanye badly in need of some sort of intervention
Obra emocionante e genial que está sendo claramente boicotada pela crítica "especializada"
everyone knows that kanye is a f*cking genius. this album is a masterpiece, the only bad thing is that marilyn manson is in it
BUM!!! bombaaaa, esse aí tinha era q se aposentar, velho esquizy ainda levou umonte de bandido pro show dele, tem nem vergonha na cara uma prag@ dessas
Sh1tnYe should retire and take care of his mental health. Everything he touches perish. It is sad to notice how he has degraded himself to this. The music industry is like this, you should innovate or you’re lost.
I find it kinda boring and way too long Wouldn't listen to it again It just doesn't compete with his old work years ago
valeu a pena toda espera e ansiedade por esse novo álbum do kanye. não temos aqui nenhuma música parecida com seus grandes sucessos anteriores, como "stronger" e "power", mas temos 27 músicas equivalentes à toda a carreira do ye. São música muito bem feitas e pensadas, com destaque especial para "Jesus lord", "heaven and hell" e "Jail". Valeu a pena ouvir vom atenção essa grande obra de arte. Donda é o álbum do ano até o momento!
trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash
Every song was different. I never felt bored listening to this project. The verses and features were amazing and the symbolism/messages were insane.. if i could rate it 100/10 i would do so.
The album is pretentious. This was meant to be a tribute to ye's mother, the namesake, Donda. But instead was just a self-glorification poly. A year of waiting and hyping, the results were disappointing. Postponing and preponing the release just to avoid competition is clear as day. There is no way I did believe the album was released without his approval. Lol he is so scared of drake, I can't EVEN!!
Incredible experience of multiple ganres in one package there are some not that great song but when they hit they hit hard
This album could have been an 8, 9 or 10, because so many of the songs sound amazing. But the album is 27 SONGS LONG and 1 song is 11 MINUTES. The album is super bloated and because a that I can't give it anything higher than a 6
The music is great, what you think about the artist is completely different to the music itself. **** Marylin Manson tho dk why he’s on this at all tbh.
Album of the year also **** all the taylor stans giving zero lol its a ten out of 10
Kanye does it again, another classic under his belt with an amazing and fun rollout.
I've been waiting for so long to listen to this album and now that it's finally here I'm sooo happy. Honestly this is Kanye's most sonically beautiful album. Off the grid is SUCH A BANGER MY GAWD.
INCREIBLE ALBUM ES MUY APASIONADO Y SI LO ESCUCHAS DE BUENA MANERA, LO SENTIRAS CON EL CORAZÓN 10/10
El álbum en general es demasiado plano, una mucho relleno de promedio. Aunque partes de los versos son de lo mejor. No se siente como un trabajo de suficiente calidad
the worst album ever. don’t stream it it’s not worth it. you will waste your time if you stream it
So boring and excessively long. He could've trimmed it down to a reasonable amount and he would have gotten an okay project out of it.
Overhyped….literally trash
Ngl, Fivio Foreign verse is really good, the only positive thing to come out of this.
With collaborations from DaBaby and Marilyn Manson on Jail pt.2, I knew that it would affect it's overall score. But what i've heard was nothing but unoriginal and mediocre at best. The album itself isn't the Kanye West we usually know from MBDTF and Yeezus and not even a verse from Jay-Z could save this album from being a repeated version of his previous 2 albums.
Kanye is the greatest artist of all time and honestly saying anything that contradicts that point makes you sound like you don't care about black people.
From beginning to end, Donda is everything we have waited for, simply put, leaks we heard and loved, make their place on DONDA with a refined form. Including a variety of songs that were never heard before (as albums should be presented)
I simple don't have words to describe how important is that album. Kanye made, in my opinion, his best album of the last years. It's powerful, amazing feats, great melody, an construction really beautiful.But for some brainless, this is trash because it's "not the old kanye"I can only see a new kanye, and the most artistic moment of his entire career. And if you give this 0 because of DaBaby or Manson, please, do a favor, go sleep, go get a job, just not come to give some bad rating with this trash argument
Donda é como ir á igreja - sendo você cristão, ateu, religioso ou o qualquer outra coisa que você seja- aos domingos.Vou explicar: Kanye West representa aqui a pessoa que vai a igreja. Ele tem mil problemas, ele está se divorciando, vai ficar um pouco mais longe dos filhos. Ele perdeu a mãe, ele sofre com isso. Ele não tem mais a mãe aqui pra dar colo a ele quando ele precisar e isso machuca. Kanye teve uma infância difícil, tem cicatrizes, tem dores e tem lembranças dos tempos em que tudo era difícil. Mas as coisas estão melhores? Algumas sim, outras não mudaram e parecem até imutáveis. E os conhecidos dele? Também tem dores, também tem problemas, também tem perdas. E ele os absorve. Nós absorvemos as angústias alheias também quando o angustiado é alguém por quem temos apreço. E agora ele tem as dores e questões dele e as dores e questões de, sei la, mais 5 pessoas. Isso tudo enfrentando um divórcio, pensando nos filhos, na mãe, nos problemas que estão ao redor dele. São muitas coisas.. mas estamos na igreja. Quando tudo parece não ter sentido, quando tudo parece nos levar para a ponte mais alta da cidade que nos convida para dar fim em tudo alguém estará lá para nos salvar? Não nos salvar, tipo, impedindo que nos joguemos da ponte. Pergunto se alguém, de fato, estará lá para nos salvar? Para salvar ele?Deus está, pelo menos em teoria. Nossos antepassados e os antepassados dos nossos antepassados já tinham o costume de se agarrar na fé quando precisavam de um Salvador que não se encontrava entre os homens. Esse salvador é Deus? Quem sabe se ele existe? Mas se não chamar por ele, por quem ele irá chamar? Quem é que vai nos salvar?Um domingo na igreja é um dia em família. É pra ser um dia feliz, um dia de cantar junto ao coral, de ser grato por estar com quem mais amamos, por mais que alguns ambientes religiosos sejam extremamente tóxicos, o que aquilo e aquele significa pra ele é maior do que isso. E o momento de estar na igreja aos domingos é o acalanto para uma alma que sofre por mil motivos. Uma alma negra, de um homem negro, de alguém que tem tudo e todos contra si, de quem é invalidado e atacado a todos os momentos, de quem está constantemente vendo sua cabeça sendo oferecida a pseudo-justiceiros que pensam estar numa posição segura para fazer julgamentos. Eles realmente julgam, mesmo que sua vida não seja exemplo para nada e nem para ninguém. E eles não se vêem lá, eles não se vêem em Donda. O que eles vêem é um homem negro que é um alvo fácil, o que eles vem é alguém que eles podem atacar gratuitamente, afinal quem irá defende-lo depois de tudo? Quem vai salva-lo?Essa bagagem que levamos para a igreja costuma pesar, ye sabe disso.Perturbado com a própria perturbação e a perturbação do perturbado, Kanye faz nascer o álbum Donda..Uma visita à igreja aos domingos.
Se siente incompletp, asi de simple, se siente como un monton de cosas producidas y compuestas en un par de horas en vez de sentirse como un albumQue enorme decepcionSimplemente siente flojo, medio terminado y eso apenas
rubbish album rubbish album rubbish albumrubbish album rubbish album. rubbish album.
You can find anything in this album, except Jesus. This wouldn't be a problem, if this wasn't supposed to be a Christian record. Kanye should never have invited a r*pist to be in it
Desde mi punto de vista uno de los mejores álbumes del año,Totalmente innovador, contiene bastantes elementos que en muchas ocasiones se sale de lo que uno está acostumbrado, la producción está a un nivel muy por encima de lo habitual, un trabajo muy espiritual y completo.
Absolute Masterpiece!!! It's sad that "critics " can't properly do their job and simply review the material given instead of using this album as a platform for Woke points. This is some of Kanye's best work. Period.!
Sick as heck
It doesn't deserve the hype at all. So boring and lengthy. Sounds like each song is just a loop, repeating over and over.
this album is just trash, it doesn’t show any growth at all. kanye can do better
ewww im shaking crying and throwing up this album is terrible he should retire
Trash does anyone really listen to him and enjoyed it ???? duh. Only wish this album fails
In itself, the way this album was promoted was phenomenal, it's just that we were too expecting something extraordinary. A few songs I don't like (e.g. Hurricane, Come to Life, Remote Control), but there are also songs that I liked immediately (e.g. Jail, 24, Moon). I was a bit disappointed, however, I think this is a reasonably good album in terms of performance.
Gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
This is Kanye Greatest piece of art yet. Perfectly capturing the essence of what it means to be fearless, Hopeful and Scared and how his believes and his upbringing has helped through the harder times in his life.
Really beautiful album, I have a couple minor complaints which takes away one point but it's still beautiful.
Amazing album, one of the best in his discography. How can you listen to jail and not be amazed
El mejor álbum de la década insuperable,magistral, simplemente perfecto sin errores como siempre nos ha entregado kanye su vida y su trabajo
Beautiful eulogy dedicated to his mother. We don’t need no drums!! Another classic to add to Ye’s discography
Anyone who rates this lower than an 8 is listening with preconceptions, instead of opening their heart. Ye is back and this is the best he’s been since TLoP. This is an album that is heartbreaking, cathartic, uplifting, and bangs at the same time. It’s a meditation on grief. It is an audioprayerbook written by a man still finding his faith, and how important and transformative God can be, if you open your heart and love others. It will be hard for any other album to approach the perfection that Kanye’s put out with “Donda” - a sure contender for AOTY. 10/10
Album of the year Just the rollout process itself shows us the genius Kanye is.
2021 Album "Donda" is not what I would consider a album it's a experience thousands of years of human evolution has lead to this album 10/10
Simplemente god, buen álbum en todos los sentidos, diferentes ritmos sin bajar la calidad del disco
Album of the year!!! every song has something special, excellent balance between collabs everything actually worked pretty well lots of great songs in this album !Make up your own Mind!
Really good album, almost every song is a hit, some songs go really hard while others are calm adding variety to the album. Censoring and the track "Tell The Vision" are disappointing though.
This album speaks to your soul.Kanye never fears experimenting with his work. And this album is the perfect example of this. He is the real GOAT.
Kanye has delivered a beast of an album with a tremendous track list of 27. All the songs don't need to be here, that's for sure. However, this does not take away from the fact that some of his best music since 2010 sits on this record. His synth use on the album shines brightly on tracks like Hurricane and No Child Left Behind. Some of the features on this album do fall flat, however the ones that hit hard really elevate some of the tracks. His lyrics are divisive and at times comical, which is what fans of his have come to accept over the last few releases. This is mixed in between heart felt lyrics however that we really haven't spotted since 808's and heartbreaks.Some say less is more, but in this situation we'd rather more than none at all. A solid album that could have benefited from some trimming.
Una joya, sin duda Kanye nos sorprende cada que lanza un nuevo álbum, el álbum está muy bien estructurado, la mayoría de las canciones son excelentes, las demás son buenas, puedo destacar entre las mejores, a mi gusto, Heaven and hell, Hurricane, Moon, Believie What i say, entre itras, en conclusión una gran obra, disfrutabke si eres oyente casuak,, claro si lo escuchas sin prejuicios maliciosos, y oara los seguidores de Kanye, simplemente perfecto y lo que se tenía esperado dezde hace años, gran álbum de un gran artista
Like if TLOP and JIK had a baby and that baby was rad as hell. There are a few songs that could have been shortened or even omitted but this is a damn good album. So many great features. The production is elite, but that is always the case with Ye. I think most will consider this a return to form.
Man, simply AOTY, great production, concept, lyrics and features. You gotta be a Taylor Swift fan to give it less than 7 lol
Its a great album, no the best, but have a lot of good song, thanks Kanye for do this
Master piece of Kanye simplemente la combinacion de todos sus albums, no muchos comprenderan
CumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucket CumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucketCumbucket
Wonderful. Ethereal at times. Gorgeous production. The long wait was worth it. Cool to see how he fostered community and featured many rappers in unique ways.
There’s a few filler tracks but the bangers are some of the best Kanye of the last 10 years
Kanye’s best album since The Life of Pablo. Amazing production and features however certain tracks seem a bit too stretched out and would’ve been better if they were shortened. Overall, a good album.
To be completely honest. Probably his best work. It’s like TLOP and yeezus just turned into a peanut butter and jelly sandwich loaded with msg. Amazing album. Probably the worst opening though
Excluding all pt2 tracks, 'tell the vision' and junya, overall this is a great album
Amazing work done here by Mr. West. Every track hits the spot, no misses imo.
Innovating and mesmerizing. Jesus Lord, No Child Left Behind and Hurricane are wonderful
Unique and wonderful album with a lot of different styles beats and features. Kanye made the best out of all features and combined them in crazy compositions e.g.: Hurricane - feat. TheWeekend + Lil Baby.I also love the epic and good vibes during the whole album.
just like every other Kanye album this one is perfect, peak art. listen to this if you like good music and are tired of white people
Well.. I think that this album is toooo long. Nobody needs a 27 track (almost 2 hours) album. Although, I think that Donda has some bangers that are worth to listen.It isn't kanye's better project but not the worst, I think you should listen to it at least 1 time, it is worth
Everyone is hating Donda because Kanye worked with problematic people and they don’t understand this an album of life, and life is difficult some times. AOTY
On Kanye's new album, the gospel influences stick out and sound better than Jesus Is King, altough not his best album, it is a good one, worth the listen.
the album was just perfect, great instrumental, the features were just incredible! if its not album of the year then idk what will be
Aoty yeezus the goat kskskksksksskkskkskskkskskskkskskskskkskskskskskskskskks
Grows on you and eventually becomes a daily part of your life. Bangers and ballads galore
His best album, hands down.Yes, there are questionable fts.But lyrically, and production wise - his best work.
O perfeito equilíbrio entre o Gospel e o Hip Hop que ele sabe fazer. Feats impecáveis e produção rica e com detalhes caprichados. Trabalho da vida. Talvez o seu melhor album desde 2010.
Fantastic album! Inspired music. Insane lyrics. Great sound. Welcome back Kanye!
Everyone that gave this album worse than a 7 is simply a mad drake fan who can barely wipe their own ass let alone listen to music.
Un álbum emocional, una carta de amor a Dios y a su madre, 27 canciones de las cuales no te saltas ninguna, se nota mucho la evolución de kanye, desde los temas hasta la forma en la que los enfrenta es una evolución enorme.
Kanyes best album since the life of pablo (2016) its on par with ye (2018).
brilliantly executed. this album by Kanye west has incredible features, maybe the best in years. with 27 tracks, there may be 3 bad ones.
It's Kanye West at it's best, you can feel the chaos along the album and somehow it turns into great songs. The lyrics deliver and you can feel the struggle of Kanye managing all the pain he's been through since the lost of his mother, who's speeches among the tracks let you feel a little closer to Kanye's struggle and set the mood for some other songs. Definitely on our Kanye's best projects and time will prove it right.
Donda is a new approach to rap for Kanye West, almost telling a story as his rebirth into Christianity. The album features several different musical themes, starting with a more upbeat feel towards the beginning where more gospel themes appear in the later album. Although Kanye was no lyrical mastermind, the instrumentals more than made of for what he lacked in verses. The features are also heavy on this album, with only a few names on the list underperforming.
Worth the wait, Kanye West continues to push the bar in what defines him as a musical artist
Amazing return from the man himself. Enjoyed from start to finish, with very high highs and still good lows
This is a incredible album. So wonderful. Jail was established as the anthem of the album.
Ye once again shows how creative he is truly the goat. The best rapper to ever do it and one of the best artists ever period.
I don't know how I feel about this album. While it has some great songs like Hurricane and Moon, most of the album feels different... Doesn't feel like your usual Kanye album. Stuff like Yeezus was different, but that still felt like a Kanye album. I don't know how to explain it, but there's definitely aspects of this LP that could be changed, and those changes would make the album better.
I believed that a great album would come. However, nothing surprised with the decline of production and composition. Improve :)
Great album it was released without kanyes permission so obviously not fully finished, but with like the life of Pablo he can continue to improve the album
So this is coming from someone that loves Kanye but more so Kanye 2004-2010. Ever since then the albums have been downhill for me with only a few good songs on them (whereas previously it was almost every song on each album). Like other recent albums from Ye, only a few tracks on here are good, the following is a list of songs I enjoyed and will continue to listen to:Hurricane Heaven and HellBelieve What I SayJonahKeep My Spirit AliveAside from these I found the other tracks to be over produced and boring or un-relatable.
This album literally the definition of horrible the only song I liked is the one the played on the commercial it's just Uninspiring trash I couldn't even get passed the intro my ears just hurt so bad.
Um álbum medíocre, feito por um cara que só ganha buzz em atacar mulheres inocentes e ter uma síndrome de achar que é o dono mundo, mas na verdade n sabe sustentar o marketing do próprio casamento ou a imagem de "filho de Deus", mas o q esperar de uma pessoa como ele??? Nada além de lixo e fãs idiotas que são obcecados pela Taylor Swift
Overrated as hell, probably one of the worst albums of all time. The album's advertising was better than the album itself
This is one of the greatest albums i've ever listened to. No other album has had almost 30 songs that i've enjoyed from start to finish. Come to Life, Believe What I Say and New Again were my favorite tracks. Kanye has done it again, can't say im surprised of the GOAT making GOAT music. Im an atheist but this made me start praying to god and begging for him to forgive me for my sins. 10/10, better than My Beautiful Dark Teisted Fantasy.
manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.manson, dababy and chris brown are in it.
Todo esse marketing com varias listens partys pra lançar um album sem coesão, com musicas ruins e feats com criminosos. Parece o comício do Trump. Infelizmente lamental pro kanye e seus fãs
This album is amazing with some of the best songs everAnd the fuetures killed it Kanye killed it too spacilly in songs like come to live that he did one of his best performances ever
Absolutely garbage. Waited years to receive something that was very mediocre. One decent song with JayZ.
bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba bomba
His music can't even save his problematic a**. Adding two problematic people to the mix, boom! Congrats kanye, thanks for proving that your mere existence pollutes the world.
Come to life hurricane off the grid praise God heaven and hell donda keep my spirit alive new again lord I need you are all great
20 tracks too many. Most are fillers at best in a poor attempt to boost streams. The best of Kanye has gone.
It sucks... unacceptable that there's a man who rapes on the album. kanye is stupid enough on his own, but he invited some more **** friends to destroy the job that wasn't so good
Un álbum demasiado largo y que tuvo que recurrir a un exceso de colaboraciones para intentar sobresalir.
Kanye West used to make albums that were fun to listen to and had actual hits on them. This album is boring Christian propaganda with good production.
Deus é pai, não que KW seja grande coisa mas esse trabalho certeza foi o pior de todos, parabéns ótimo pra ouvir no volume zero igual a KK fez.
se for pra lançar album ruim como esse é melhor se aposentar kanye lixowest
Not worth the wait. Nothing compared to Kanye’s previous albums. I guess he misses his wife though
"Ye" has yet again not only reinvented himself, but has pushed the world's perspective of modern music yet again. With his immaculate rollout of his 10th studio album he revisits many ideas, feelings and sounds of his past, present, and eventual future. I personally recommend going into this album understanding that the basis of Christianity is popular because it easily encapsulates the human condition itself. The idea of the devil and god can be related to ones inner conscienceness. Kanye has perfectly captured the feelings of shame, passion, hope and glory in his lyrics and his beats. Wether or not you believe in the same God that Kanye does, you can take the music at your own face value
Dull album, just noise going arround controversy. The Weeknd saved this album with "Hurricane".
This is pure garbage. Taylor did better. I can’t listen to it without feeling sick. Kim Kardashian did well listening this **** with no volume.
More hype than quality since TLOP, and with Marilyn Manson and DaBaby I just can’t.
There’s a lot to unpack here. Too many songs, terrible people, and way too much Jesus for my personal taste. There’s definitely some promise and interesting sounds - but it’s just not worth sifting through the mud to find gold.
absolutely nothing interesting to say. empty words about nothing against a pretty soundscape that means nothing, redeems nothing, proves nothing, saves nothing but the artist’s own ego and determination to self-aggrandize.
This is pretty bad. I honestly don't know how someone could hear this and give it a positive score. It's repetitive and gets boring quick. It reeks of ego, like Kanye is trying too hard and overcompensating because he has no fresh sounds or interesting takes left.
It's a great album, but NO. Stream reputation by Queen Taylor Swift, that album is much better and the best!!
Me di la oportunidad de escucharlo pero esta súper aburrido kanye de verdad haces pura basura ya retírate mejor
Terrible. What a disappointment.. after all this wait. This might actually be the worse album I’ve ever heard.
Super overrated and he supports abusers and homophobic people. I recommend to not listen to it
Way too long! Many of the songs aren’t necessary for the album. Definitely was not worth the wait. In the end, there are a handful of picks off of the album that are okay, however the sheer number of songs that it is made up of is entirely too many. 0 out of 10 for me.
this album was truly disappointing, it seems like everyone on the internet had been hyping it up to be so much more than it turned out, i really feel for kanye and i don’t know what’s going on with him right now but i hope he finds help. this album i feel like needed to be made but was horribly executed and did not require the multiple wipings of all the posts on kanye’s instagram, the cult like listening parties, and certainly not the tone deaf post on kanye’s instagram stating universal released his album without him giving the ok
this album is so soo bad i was waiting for something really really special and I that’s what we got this is just disappointing, I was really waiting for something more, and the fact that Manson....
the type of album id expect from one of those soundcloud kids, not kanye. he’s just tryna follow trends for streams and the execution was horrible
For me this album is really messy. Some songs make sense others not a little bit. Some of the songs are very messy and are not good at all. I understand what Kanye wanted to do but it’s not his best album, i would say it’s his worse.
Give it some years until people understand this piece of art which is way ahead of their tiny tiny minds.
wakala his worst album im boredd zzzzzzkanye wezzzzztanyways drake is better than him, xoxoxo
Very cluttered and not worth the wait. I was hoping this album was a lot better. There were a few songs that were decent but overall Kanye’s worst album as a whole.
"If enough people say it others will follow and believe it too" Kanye West brings nothing new to the table but because of his marketing, most people seem keen to believe he is a genius when he is nothing of that sort. DONDA is a total failure musically speaking, so much so that the only way to make this album worth talking about is to have a bunch of morally and ethically questionable people in it. Long gone are the days where Kanye West cared more about the music rather than staying relevant. Would DONDA really be what it is if it wasn't for Kanye's antics and controversies? No, the answer is no. DONDA is mediocre at best and in a few months no one will remember a single song from this album. It's also sort of sad that the one album named after his mother, is the one that shows how empty and self centered Kanye West is. DONDA is an album meant to entertain but not musically speaking and that is how Mr. West decided the album to be. 27 songs and not a single song worth listening more than once. DONDA is defenitely the most overrated album of recent years. Hopefully next time West decides to put an album he thinks about the music rather than his marketing strategy to make people believe through mere spectacle that his album is worth listening to. Do yourself a favor and skip every single song on this album and instead stream My Beautiful Twisted Dark Fantasy.
Pretty much enjoyed every single track on the album except for tell the vision. I don't get the point of it, especially when it's basically just a piano version of the actual track off of Pop's album, but censored. Just sounds odd.I don't really count the pt. 2s. For me, the concept of the album ends at No Child Left Behind, which makes sense given that his last 2 listening events ended with it as well. The pt. 2s feel more like deluxe material to me but given Kanye's attitude towards everything, he's not gonna do anything of the sorts so he just put them at the end of the actual album.It doesn't just sound amazing though, it's also a very touching and deserving tribute to his late mother Donda, who'd be very proud of her son's work here. He can make you jump with excitement to songs like Jail or Off the grid but then also drag you down to the reality of life with songs like Lord I Need You and Come to Life (which is a song that gets me every time lol).My favorite songs off the album altogether are Jail, God Breathed, Off The Grid, Hurricane, Praise God, Believe What I Say, 24, Remote Control, Moon, Heaven and Hell, Donda, New Again, Lord I Need You, Pure Souls and Come to Life. So basically almost the entire LP, which is leaps and bounds ahead of his last release, Jesus is King. As much as I want to, I can't give it a 10. But if I can't do that, then it's definitely a 9 to me. Everyone I've talked to, who's listened to the album, likes a number of tracks and they all differ. Everyone likes a different number of songs and that's great because it shows that it's not aimed at 1 type of listener
adding sexual abusers and homophobes to your album and era is a new low. a sad attempt from a faded star. check yourself.
Terrible. Compared to his previous albums, this is just a mess of boring beats and nonsensical lyrics
Ugh... donda is nasty!! Drake cud do better... we are waiting till he come...hes gonna beat u up my lil boi
Horrorific, not felt like kanye, just felt like someone really high made a few songs

We all love seeing men getting away with nasty conduct and then drops gospel album, 0/10
None of the songs really hit for me. A longggg album with 1 or 2 good songs. Overall disappointing
The album was a masterpiece. A great message came out of the album and a great way to mourn Kanye’s late mother Donda. Some of my favorite tracks: Moon, Off The Grid, Junya pt 2, Jail, Jonah, and Hurricane.
Repetitive, inconclusive, inconsistent, bad production, this album is al problems
a piece of **** him ,he just collab with the worst people at the music industry
Sad to get let down so badly. The production is amazing, but the songs/lyrics are terrible and uninspired. Getting harder and harder to keep supporting this. Maybe 2 track (Jesus Lord and Jail) on the whole album I like.
man… that’s embarrassing anywaysi wish you would come back, wish i'd never hung up the phone like i did. i wish you knew that i'd never forget you as long as i'd live. i miss you too much to be mad anymore.
This is not THE album. A lot of hype for this? I do not understand what is going on in Kanye's head. Every track it's just like "ok" or "next". I do not think I will heard this album ever again.
I was expecting a very good album after he promoted it as the album of the century. I was expecting "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" part two. I got a "Jesus Is King" bad prequel.
He is supporting abusers, and giving them a platform. He is supporting abusers, and giving them a platform.
This review contains spoilers, click expand to view.
should have been nicer to taylor swift “this is why we can’t have nice thing”
If there is a heaven then this is the type of music that they would play. Yes it is long, but never boring. After my third listen I almost wish it would have been longer. Kanye has always managed to change up his sound for every album while it is still easily recognizable as Kanye. Great experience, would recommend.
Dont listen to this album, the songs are just not good, and the production is cheap
horrible album complete trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash
no good album, everything see it again. No relevant, super lazy. Is not his best album
Kanye, from a musical standpoint, rarely ever misses. It’s pretty telling when his worst records are still a lot better than most artists’ best bodies of work, and Donda is far from his worst. Kanye’s music in the post-TLOP era, at least before Donda, arguably falls short of his more focused and polished bodies of work. 2018’s Ye churned out some memorable tracks, but some just lack the replayability of tracks from MBDTF and even boundary-pushing Yeezus. Also 7 tracks for an album was a bit too short for my liking. KSG was a great project with both Cudi and Kanye bringing the best out of each other. Again a bit too short for my liking. JIK, in my opinion was his weakest project, but that’s not to say it’s terrible at all. I just felt like he was pushing his religious agenda too much. In some ways it felt a bit forced, but it’s still enjoyable to listen to every now and then.Donda sees a return to form for Kanye. In what I consider is his best musical project since 2016 (possibly even since 2013 after giving it a few more listens), we’re treated to 27 songs of Kanye at his best. Curating a colossal list of collaborators and bringing out the best in them is just not something anyone can do. I can’t think of a single feature that missed, except Globglagabgalab if you’d want to count that as one, but even that’s growing on me with the way it’s used on the released version. Kanye’s rapping was never his strongest suit, but when was the last time you heard him rap like he does on Off the Grid or Jesus Lord just to name a few standouts. His production and vision on this project are really immaculate. On some tracks, you get droney, atmospheric and ambient sounds, on some, they’re piano/organ-laden, overall just beautifully crafted. Thematically, it’s an emotional body of work where he touches on his relationship with his mother, Kim K., and his family. Of course, he also throws some bars at Drake (presumably). At 27 songs, and almost 2 hours of run time, the album packs a lot, some might say too much, into it. Even if you don’t count the bonus pt.2 tracks at the end, it’s still very long. But when he’s focused and making great music, I don’t mind at all. To describe the sound put forth in the project, it would be as if Kanye took the best parts of his past projects like Yeezus, KSG, JIK, and TLOP and spliced them into one breathtaking, amazing record in Donda. All antics aside, I can’t wait to hear what else Kanye has in store.8.5-9/10
garbage as always, nothing new, he is an homophobic and abuser supporter, piece of **** just like his albuns, kanye west? more like kanye waste of time
trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash
This album was a full gimmicky experience, a man who believes everything is all about him and him solely. The music does not match the propaganda being portrayed. This is GOD Awful
this album was so so so boring. not to mention the night before it released kanye was proudly standing with an alleged abuser and an open homophobe.
AMAZING MUSIC. Kanye is the GOAT! This album is literal experience on so many levels. You cry, you jam out and you fell euphoric. The production on this project is literally more that amazing and is insanely unmatched by any other artist. I think this could be one of Ye’s best work. Kanye is a genius with suck amazing talent, making music that literally alters every single emotion in a person. This is also a beautiful tribute to his mother!!
muy básico, esperaba sonidos nuevos, ritmos nuevos y lamentablemente las letras no me deslumbran. esperaba otra cosa
Gracias Kanye, muy cool Escuchar moon y come to life es lo mejor que me ha pasado en meses, que bonito suena el AOTY
Kanye’s return to music is on a high note, boasting one of his best albums in recent memory.
While there are undeniable highs on the album, a lost focus, uninspiring lyrical content, lacklustre mixing & mastering at parts and songs left with unrealized potential, the record falls short of lofty expectations. As a dedication to Donda the album fails to be either a tribute or a celebration, feeling instead like a ragtag mashup of half-baked sounds from various eras of Kanye's star-studded career.The lyrics are nothing new for Kanye - it's not like he hasn't been incredibly vulnerable before on albums like Ye or 808s and much of the religious language is a vague rehash of what we heard on JIK, though the packaging around the lyrics has improved markedly. Much of this falls on my deaf ears given his enthusiasm with which he defends and supports abusers.The concept of the album leaves a bad taste in my mouth. He announced an album with the name DONDA, clearing intending it to be a project dedicated to his mum given what we heard at LP1 and since then it has undergone changes that leave it undeniably about Kanye, which is a completely Kanye thing to do.As a huge fan of his discography of the whole, I've only managed to get through the whole thing in a single sitting once but that's not to say I haven't been slogging through it; for me it's the first Kanye album that I felt legitimately bored listening to and while I don't think it's as bad as JIK, it also wasn't interesting enough to grip me.My score is a 5/10
La primera parte de Donda es buenísima, teniendo un comienzo tan electrificante como Jail, con Jay Z afirmando que The Throne está de vuelta, yo esperaba que el proyecto se mantuviera así, y más por la duración del mismo, y en parte lo hace pero hay canciones que se sienten innecesarias como Junya, que serviría bien si fuera una canción en solitario pero está dentro del álbum y se siente fuera del sonido que Kanye había estado trabajando en las primeras canciones, o Tell The Vision, que simplemente no sé por qué está ahí, Kanye ni siquiera hace una aparición, pero incluso con esto Donda termina siendo un álbum que se disruta y bastante, teniendo puntos muy altos como Jail, Off The Grid, Hurricane, Praise God, Jonah, Moon, Heaven and Hell, Come To Life y No Child Left Behind, por nombrar algunos. En general, Donda es un gran álbum que se disfruta mucho y las "listening parties" sirvieron para tener una experiencia más completa y poder percibir de mejor manera el mensaje que Ye quiere dar.
It’s good, not great. In dire need of editing. There’s a classic 10 to 12 song album buried in the 27 songs Kanye gave us. But editing concerns aside, there are SO many beautiful moments. It’s like watching a gorgeously shot 4 hour movie with virtually no plot. All in all, it’s an enjoyable yet exhausting listen. I would place it up there with the best of the “New Kanye” era (post Yeezus), but don’t think it cracks the top 5 of Kanye’s discography.
Another album that's way ahead of it's time, only 2 skips (first track, Tell the Vision) out of 27 tracks, other than that, this album shows that Ye still got it.So many good tracks, Jail, God Breathed, Off The Grid, Hurricane, Praise God, Jonah, Ok Ok, Junya, BWIS, 24, Remote, Moon, Heaven n Hell, KMSA, Jesus Lord, New Again, LINY, Pure Souls, Come to Life, NCLB.
awful
Why? Just why ??????????He had so much time to make something great and he did this. It seems like he didn’t even try to make music on his “old” Niveau ?!?
trash, a truly terrible album. the old kanye is long gone. people are just gonna keep enabling him at this point
Im a huge Kanye west fan, loved his first batch of albums, when his ego started to show, it reflected itself in his music trends... but then he started to host the pornhub awards and then change into this gospel singer rapper... i disliked that album. But then i was hoping Ye would go back to his roots...Well he did, but it was a miss. The album is too long, if it had stayed a 8 track album maybe it would salvage itself into an introduction to the next album he does, which would have been a cool tease.But the tracks fall into unprofessional cuts with annoying wanna be outdate kayne wanna be beats... and it just sounds off, lame and especially with the HYPE, it ended up as a torture deal to hear all those 27 tracks with no sense of structure.I dislike this album and it sucks because it had to much potential, just how many times you gotta say jesus and lord and talk about how god heals, yet you act like a dick in real life , egotistical and at times confused and lost , isnt that the purpose of gospel music?Dont buy this album its time Kanye knew the world doesnt revolve around him. I have said good bye to Kanye. Heres hoping Kendrick Lamars and Drakes new albums are worth listening to.
Just very average and many skips. Not Kanye’s best work. Many songs sounds very similar and drag out for too long
Simply a beautiful album with 0 skips every song has a unique quality that makes it so interesting to listen to.
It was great. I like it a lot. It has very high moments and very few low moments, probably the only problem with the album is it’s length and arrangement. The second version of Donda was its best, but the music itself is very good.
Donda is the climax of ye journey that started the day he dropped from college. This journey is paved from his multiple ups and downs through sorrows, depression and lost to the joy of being a father, an artist and a human over all. This is not the ending of this journey but it sure seems like Kanye has reached the ultimate “I don’t give a **** philosophy, one he utilizes faith to achieve. I just cannot address the album alone, without the context of Kanye’s personality, previous albums and the unprecedented hype. This is without a doubt a masterpiece and a master class to every artist out there how to find yourself, get lost and find it again. I can only sum it up in that if you’re a fan of the genre and not the album, then my guy, you’re just not there yet. You can’t be at ease with the album because you’re not at ease with yourself.
Donda is an amazing album, yes, in some cases features are carrying songs but why is that necessarily a negative thing? Just showcases Kanye's ability to produce and collaborate with some of hip-hops biggest artists, whilst creating many good songs on his own where he shines.Almost every song is a 8/9 out of 10, some filler exists, yes, but expected from an album that is 27 tracks long.If I had to pick a few negatives from this album, I would say it's probably two songs featured on this album, Remote Control and Tell The Vision, there was no need for a Pop Smoke song that clearly was just a poorly ripped acapella from his latest album, apart from that I believe it is his best work yet.
Album is amazing. So many good tracks. There is only 1 or 2 tracks that are possibly skips for me, but even then they aren't that bad. Will be listening to this for a long time.
DONDA isn’t just an album, it’s a cultural reset, a reason to breathe, an escape from this cruel world filled with thieves. It’s art, the first gift you open on christmas, a hug from a loved one, everything you’ve ever wanted, everything you need.
Donda is a future classic, and Kanye West is the GOAT. Every song on this album is at least an Eight.
Great musical experience. Definitely on par with other ye albums such as tlop and yeezus.
Kanye has some of the greatest albums in hip hop history and this just adds to the collection, it is the type of album you sit back and enjoy for the experience.
He do well with his production I wouldn't compare it with college dropout or graduation mbdtf but it goes to shows he's consistency with trying new things am tired of the gospel albums but I hope he gets back to the creative kanye we all grew up on This albums production is off world and those criticized will realize it 5 or 10 yearsfrom now they said the same think about about 808s and heartbreak but every new school rapper today will tell you they drain inspiration from 808s from Xxxtacion,Lil uzivert to juice world playboy Carti name it I think he sees the bigger picture than we do maybe we missed the point of. Why he did it all disorganized but he always has a reason
When I first heard the album, I was like it's good, but not that good ! But after listening it for a couple of times, I am just in love with this album !, I think this might be the best work kanye has ever put out, among all his other albums !
It’s an unforgettable experience. Beautiful and confusing like a Picasso painting. It does not follow any rules or aim to please any critic and for that reason it’s perfect.
An album with so many great ideas but lack of care and rush prevents it from reaching any of the potential it reaches for. Disappointing because this album could’ve been one of his best in years. Songs like Believe What I Say & Come To Life show he’s still has it in him but lacks the focus or perfectionism he once had to pull it all together.
I’ve not been a great fan of Kanye’s last few albums but I’ve listened to this one a lot. Really enjoyed it. Some bangers and the rest is very atmospheric
Amazing album all throughout. Completely lived up to expectations and it exceeded the hype too. Interested to see the direction in which kanye will continue his career in :)
This so amazing **** everyone that’s hating bruh THEY NEED TO STFU TBH GOD DAMN GO LISTEN TO LAYLOR SWFIT FOR **** SAKE GOD DAMN IM TIRED OF HEARING YALL, I DONT EVEN HATE TAYLOR THAT MUCH BUT YOU GUYS WITH YOUR GAY ASS ****ING FAN CAMS BRUH, JUST ENJOY HER MUSIC WITHOUT EATING HER OUT WITH THE ****ING EDITS
Es el peor album de su carrera, lo irónico es que la gran mayoría de sus votaciones positivas del público son fans del repudiado Marilyn Manson, del homofóbico de DaBaby y que Kanye no tiene el apoyo en USA ni para llegar Presidente ni tampoco para un album básico y pésimo como DONDA.
Um álbum sem nexo, é como se tivesse incompleto, falta algo, Kenye deixou muito a desejar. Foi decepcionante.
Terrible! Just another banal álbum. He said his the biggest rapper from his generation,
Horrible, increíble que se pueda hacer un álbum tan malo. Kanye West va en picada.
Honestly this album is a 8/10 but taylor and drake fans giving it 0/10 make me give it a 10/10
Kanyes return to success. A lengthy album with bangers and beautiful tracks the themes of religion, forgiveness and the loss of a loved one give this album true character
this album grows on you the past few days it’s gone from a light 5 to a strong 9/10
This is a fantastic album and like Kanye has said it himself, it is the album of life. All of the songs in this album represented the conflict that he has got through the beats, the verses. The long ending can be used as a tool for the listener to contemplate about their life. Those who call this a half-done album are those who cannot enjoy masterpiece. Those who call that this album is trash are those who have no taste in music.
THE FUUCKKINGG BEATS ON THIS THING. best produced album of the year for sure, at times this album just makes you feel like you're transcending. any album that runs 27 songs long is going to struggle with consistency but the low points are so few and far between its not an issue (the pop smoke feature/song i think should just be removed for example) Donda is the BEST SOUNDING hiphop album of the year for sure!if you're upset because of the features on jail2 just dont listen to it? honestly its one song SKIP IT.
This was my first Kanye rollout. Even if the mixing is not perfect, I can workout to like 7 songs on the album, other 7 I can cry to, and the rest I can vibe to. All songs I don't like is junya, tell the vision, and donda chant.
Masterpiece. Different from what we are used to ear. The album is a trip from the first to the last song.
I just read listened as if the album was for my mother too, I was moved,I'm from another country, you know? I'm from Brazil and well the kanye here is an influence, the music around here can change but at the moment I believe this album won me over
Just a ton of tired songs with not a ton of variety literally one of his worst albums.
Possibly one off his best albums maybe top 3 for meThe level of production and the creativity is so amazing and the vibes are so great
Few songs are gems but not because of kanye but because of the features, don't know what kanye brings to the album. Other artists carried the load for him.
a very good album, honestly if it was worth the wait, for me it is the album of the year, very good songs and good collaborations
Really good album, loved most of the tracks! Just wished that Kanye didn’t censor the swear words.
This guy keeps outdoing himself and it goes over a lot of heads, whether it's because of the hate they have for him or inferiority complex I can never tell you.This guy leaves every inch/ iota of himself in the studio every damn time. I can't help but imagine how drained he must be after delivering a mammoth of an album. He is simply the greatest living artist of our time. With work that not only stands the test of time but also gets better with time, for our simple minds.Much respect to him.I appreciate what he has done for us. I promise to bump all his projects with the deserved appreciation and respect till the end of my time on this earth.You deserve all the flowers sir.GOD bless you.
Extreme mids. Kanye and religion is the worst thing since eminem and politics. Donda
It became my soul album. It's a masterpiece!Songs are pretty good, track list is well-designed.
esse álbum é de outro mundo elevadíssimo nos conceitos de qualidade, críticos brancos jamais entenderiam a genialidade disso aqui.
I only like 2 songs I think it's weird style but it's kanye style the album is not commercial songs
everything is perfect about this album apart from one or two parts, but nothing substantial to lower rating.
Fresh, good, perfect and Great. Kanye GodAll songs are good. Kanye returns like a Goat
Good music. 2nd greatest album in the Ye discography. The bookend and final chapter of rap and trap replacing pop. My bet is Ye will make experimental operas, or Yeppenings, next
A frustrating, but very well thought out roll out in terms of publicity. Gaining his highest sales debut since MBDTF (tied with Yeezus on this one), a full album with new sounds yet old sounds from himself, only flaw if there was one was not having Never Abandon Your Family on the album.
An elevated being, making an elevated album. A mix of gospel and new age rap, makes for a beautiful record.
Some of his most inspired work since MBDTF. It’s a mess, the mixing and mastering is a bit off in places, but even being lucky enough to venture through Kanye’s soundscapes makes you realise how much of a once in a generation talent the guy really is. Regardless of how you feeling about him personally. You’re getting pure, unadulterated gospel, to god infused drill, to anthem tailored pop and possibly one of the best outros we’ve heard in a while. Everything Kanye does feels like a journey, with a album roll out being a somewhat wild ride with 3 listening parties, that’s climax is an hour and fourty-eight minutes album that truly is incredible. Donda would be proud! Instant classic.
Maximo respeto a DONDA, gran álbum, gran sonido, gran historia. Dejando de lado a la persona que es Kanye el álbum es muy bueno.
Finally, a new Kanye west album that blends just enough of his signature sound that we were all waiting, with his new age god fearing gospel sound. Many of these gospel elements are much more enjoyable to me than they were on Jesus Is King. Most of the features come through and show why Kanye is regarded as one of the best music curators of all time. Take off the pop smoke song tho...
Excellent album, disregarding Tell the Vision, it has relatively no skips despite some mixing issues.
great rollout. great album. Mr west is back. The album matched the hype. Certified W
I love this album so much - had me playing it on repeat for the past week. Kanye's top 4 for sure, sonically has one of the best pieces of music that he has made. Seeing this album evolving into this one final product was really satisfying. Expecting Kanye to come up with more music later this year. One of the most innovative musical artist ever that our generation and the upcoming ones will see
Just love this new Ye. This album is another that will be remembered fondly and age beautifully. Not the greatest reception off the bat, but Ye fans know that this album will be influential, same as 808s and yeezus. Not surprised to see initial reception to be harsh, as this happens every time kanye tries a new style. Personally it was a job well done. Simply put, beautiful and ethereal. Ye masters production as he always has, from drill to gospel and everything in between. Incredible.
I love it ye, great production, great vocals, great lyrics. Much better than ye and Jesus is king. As time goes on we'll see if its better than tlop but it's looking like it's going to be close
Kanye West mais uma vez entrega um trabalho único e inovador .Seu melhor álbum desde de TLOP
This album isn't music it's a work of art. All the songs are done well and leave you with a feeling of peace and assurity leaving wanting to listen again and again.
Donda is probably Kanye's best album since TLOP and the Album feels unique in the sense that kanye hasn't made me feel so strongly in any of his albums
Donda was simply an amazing experience to listen to. From the listening parties to the hype built up behind the album, Ye truly delivered an extension of his deepest thoughts. Donda chant is a fitting way to start off the project which is dedicated to his late Mother. On songs such as Jesus Lord and Come to Life, Ye sounds vulnerable and his verses are packed with raw emotion. It’s true that the album structure and track order might not be the most ideal to create flow between songs. However, the sloppy masterpiece that Donda is feels like he’s bringing us alongside him on a life journey of self improvement and realization. Ye emphasizes important themes of life such as self acceptance, forgiveness, faith, truth, love and always remembering what’s important to you. Yes, Ye is very christian but one need not necessarily believe in christ to empathize with the things he says on this record. I’m not christian, and I can personally say that certain verses on this album made me contemplate my life experiences and question my core values.
New Age gospel? Because bit feels like it! Kanye worked really nicely on this and I like it verses the last album. This album is one you could play over and over again. It's the album you could play to your grandma and she's gonna like it. Not every song is perfect (Pop smoke trash) but solid mixing and vocals and wording. I've listen to the album at least 10 times and I can say it's a clear winner in the Drake vs Kanye battle.
Very underwhelming album that is really overhyped, couple good songs on it but other than that not my cup of tea, Kanye gotta drop the gospel stuff man
Great listen, I really enjoy this album. Ye came with it this time around. I’ve listen to this album all week and probably going to listen to it all next week as well. Album of the year!
Album has a lot of ups and downs that bring you into ye’S life after his mother’s passing. There’s songs like “come to life” that brings this amazing melodies and a piercing ye, creating these ideas that can come to life to save ye from himself. ultimately he can’t have those ideas save him… for example yeezy. He’s saying he wanted it to be an escape but he couldn’t. It’s a negative. BUT the song title is a positive he’s saying he’s finally coming to life and being reborn without these ideas
A masterpiece in music and live performance that will only get better in time, if this is Kanye West’s final album it is the perfect way to end the musical career of the greatest artist of our time
I would rate this album an 8. But the amount of reviews lowering their score because of the Marilyn Manson and DaBaby controversy astonishes me, so here’s an extra 2 points to compensate for their nonsense. Moments like the entirety of Remote Control, the beat of God Breathed, Tell the Vision and all the part twos make this album truly imperfect, but most negative critiques saying either that it’s messy or that it isn’t diverse enough which are complete opposites proves me that some of you are just searching for reasons to hate on Kanye, and he’s not the one to avoid giving you these reasons. But you have to see past your opinion of the man in order to witness the epic, faith-discovering nature of this album, the integration of techniques that he explored and perfected throughout his career, the unitary creepy atmosphere, the mourning gloomy aesthetics that dominate the album, the theme of trust in God in the middle of a sea of personal and mental turbulence. Doesn’t matter if you’re a christian or not. The message of this album is powerfull and Kanye is pretty transparent on this one. Donda is well balanced stylistically as opposed to many of his previous works which were all over the place. I love this one, even though I do not consider it necessarily better than The Life of Pablo.
Dobry album kocham go essa essa kanye król jebać leszcza drake. Kanye jest
Even at the age of 44 kanye continues to release tracks full of youth and vigor. This album is full on experimental and chaotic at times but thats what makes it a kanye album.
Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the album Amazing very creative and I loved every second of the albumrhejdjdje
wonderful album all the way trough, with off the grid being my new favorite kanye track
Niceee álbum ye, un gran álbum y con gran potencial en el, lanzado inesperadamente, ojalá tuviera un mejor racking pero es grandioso las 27 canciones
Not my cup of tea. It sounds like the same song over and over again. Plus it’s full of gospel.
I see too many people saying this album is either AOTY or complete garbage, let's be honest it is neither, I think the album is way too long and on the second listen a lot of songs got pretty boring once the excitement wore off. Still, it has an interesting and slightly unfinished production with a few bangers like Hurricane, and Jail.
Very good very I I I I I I I I. I I I I I I I. I I I I I I I I I. I I I. I I I I I I I I. I the the they the the the the the the three r the the the meadow was so nice I got the green one for utopia so I got the one that was in my room so it looks good but it’s still not good for utopia lol oh well my sister is king of earth earth king king earth earth moon moon and moon earth moon and earth earth king moon earth moon and earth earth moon and max earth moon and earth earth king moon moon and earth earth king earth
Just the best album I've ever heard in my life. Definitely one of the best albums of all Kanye West's carreer.
This has to be the worst album ye has released. It’s all over the place and a whole mess. He has definitely gone downhill. Overhyped album that was a huge letdown.
this album hits! its exactly what jik shouldve been. the amazing lyrics and features make every song on this album an experience to listen to. my only issue with the album is that its a bit too long. with a runtime of almost 2 hours, its the longest kanye album by far. Otherwise, i love this album and it is one of kanyes best!
I would give this record an 8 just for how catchy almost all the songs are, and how great the subtle linear storytelling is of a man who still feels the loss of his mother, but is desperate to move on and feel some closure all while balancing a well thought out tribute to her in the process. Kanye is not afraid to take risks and in my opinion, they absolutely pay off with a classic sounding record that will only age better with time. I give it a 10 because of all the Drake fan's reviews bombing it, if you want a unique listening experience give this record a go with an open mind.
Album of a life time.Very good features. And some of ye's best rapping since mbdtf.reminds me of his last 7 albums combined
The way the mc made the project that so emotional and magnificently sad , he talked about his momma and other artists were just spiritually talking to the late Donda , like what Jay did ( Donda i’m with your baby ) etc , donda would've been proud if she was here today to wetness her boy and see how much he grown Donda is just different as we all know Kanye always led the music industry he did it with 808,And heartbreak he also did yeezus so he always been a leader
stop overhating on this album it's good and it has some good production on it
A painfully sharp contrast to the classic albums released a decade ago that made Kanye who he is today.
Only 4/27 songs were good honestly. Couldn’t get through majority of the album. He has not evolved at all.
I thought this album was a masterpiece. Flawed but it's ok because a masterpiece can be flawed, nothing in this world is flawless. I felt like I was on a rollercoaster with from beginning to end. How the album starts off strong with guitar beats and dark synths and eventually gets lighter as we close the album, with beautiful pianos playing in the background of songs like come to life. The features on this album were amazing to listen to, the subject matter they rapped about matched the theme of the album. It felt like an album about someone's spiritual journey and recent divorce. I also especially loved how kanyes flows were so different in each song. The production and quality of each track was grand and felt like a movie. This album is a beautiful and I can see people appreciated it more in the years to come.
Did not enjoy this album. Kanye was carried by the features. This album does not touch his earlier work in terms of quality. It was an extensive album in terms of length but I didn’t hear anything that makes me want to listen for the full duration. Unfortunately, Kanye has well and truly fell off.
Masterpiece. Kanye continues to prove why he is the greatest. Not a single miss, ignoring Tell The Vision
Great tribute to his late mother, Kanye really knows how to get the best of the artists featured in the album, he's really the greatest to ever do it.
The album slaps. Another bonafide masterpiece!This is all that really needs to be said but there is a minimum character limit so...
the best album of the year, definitely ye know how not to sound repetitive, this album sounds fresh and with a good touch that only kanye knows how to give his songs, probably the only negative of this album is that it is quite long and can suffocate However, if you divide it well and listen to each song calmly, the entire album is enjoyed, I risk saying that it will be considered one of the best albums of the decade.
Best Kanye album we have received since Pablo. Production was amazing only set backs are a few uninteresting tracks and a whole lot of good ones
Kanye's power has always lied in not only his production, but his ability to get a talented group of people together, bring out the best of them, and create a memorable body of work. Donda does just that. You will hear less of Kanye's voice in this album than Pablo or his Graduation trilogy and it can seem like his features carry the album, but I don't think that diminishes the potency of this album at all. Kanye's voice does come to the surface in moments like in Jesus Lord and Come to Life. The songs are just really good and the verses from his features are great. For the most part, none of the songs sound the same. It's truly one long ride. My favorite feature was from Jay Electronica.My favorite songs were: Off the Grid, Jail, Praise God, Moon, Jesus Lord, Come to Life(should've been the outro)
I think its a great project. We see some of kanyes best singing. Some of his best producing. I think there are the classic couple silly cringy kanye bars so its not a 10. But this is an amazing album
ShiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiIt in my opinion
DONDA Kanye West has a reputation of releasing the most well produced albums in the music industry, he is labeled a ‘perfectionist’ as he spends around 300-500 hours producing each song. Kanye has stated that he has superpowers, how he uses these superpowers by expressing himself in a unique and diverse way, denting the world through his art. Kanye is a one of a kind artist as he dedicates his life to expressing himself and creating art that is ahead of his time influencing generations. His 10th studio album “DONDA” is the defining factor of how the use of his superpowers separates him from any other artist. Most artists by the time they release their 10th album (that is if they get there) they lose touch of the sound they have created, and are not as successful as their original sound. Yet Kanye through the decades he has been producing music he continues to surprise the world, as he is a pokemon who just continues to evolve. His idiosyncratic sound of unique lyrics, — that really make you feel what he is feeling— layers of beats that give a dramatic feel to his songs, are all tied into how his superpowers inspire his art and give us candy for our ears. His mother was his best friend as he grew up fatherless, honoring her he dedicated this album for her, with deep meaningful lyrics, soulful sounds, and expressing genuine emotions through his superpowers, Kanye shocks the world with yet another illustrious album.The album “DONDA” starts off just how you expect it, with something you have never heard of before. Kanye recorded his mothers final heart beats and made it a song named “Donda Chant '' where a female voice states his mothers name at the pace of her last heartbeats “Donda '' 58 times in honor of the age she passed away (His mother passed away during a plastic surgery procedure, where Kanye felt blamed for because she got the surgery due to the pressure of his sons limelight). Giving a deeper meaning to the album, with many religious references/preaches, as 8 of the 27 songs have religious titles. The song “Jesus Lord” helps explain what he is trying to do with the religious references as he states “ If I talk to Christ, can I bring my mother back to life?”, demonstrating how he uses these religious energy in hopes to bring him and his mother closer together. Kanye has been using a choir since his second studio album “Late Registration” which was his mothers favorite album, emphasizing in their synchronized melodic vocals that add a soulful effect to the many layers he has within his songs. In this album he brings the choir back in honor of his mother, with songs like “Heaven and Hell” where the soulful choir chants deepens the feeling of the song making it feel like you are on top of the world, just how Kanye portrays to feel at times. He also honors his mom once again by producing a song that samples his mothers favorite artist, Lauryn Hill. The song “Believe What I Say” is sampled from Lauryn Hills song “Doo Wop (That Thing)” , a very upbeat song that puts a smile on your face regardless of where you are. Kanye is able to express his superpowers by creating songs that will unite him and his mom in a very talentedly unique way.There are times in this album where Kanye is not only praising god but where he compares himself to god—but I think that is just his superpowers talking— almost because he knows that his mother is with god, and by comparing himself to God it will bring him closer to his mother. The song “Off The Grid” is one of those songs where you get the godlike comparisons as the song has many layers varying from a deep bass, featured vocals, and lyrics such as “I got this God power, that’s my leverages” referring how his superpowers that help him express himself in a incomparable artistic level, tying him closer to his mother. Jail is the second song of the album and has a feature from Jay-Z who has not worked with Kanye since 2016. Kanye West is known for bringing the most out of any artist he works with through the use of his superpowers, but in his songs he usually outshines them with his lyrical flows, for the song Jail that wasn’t the case. Jay-Z’s verse introduced the deep, heavy, meaningfulness of the album with lyrics like “Made in the Imagine of God, that’s a selfie” where even Jay-Z is expressing his superpowers and is setting the godlike tone that was projected throughout the album. Or lyrics like “Hova and Yeezus, like Moses and Jesus” where Jay-Z is referring to him and Kanye to biblical characters, illustrating the image of god-like figures whose talents together are powerful. '
INCOMINGGGG! AOTY anyone who says otherwise is racist, sorry i dont make the rules.
Even worse than the boring, preachy Jesus album. Kanye doesn’t know how to make good music anymore. I don’t know what happened to him. He fell off and will never recover
Amazingly well crafted. Only critique is that some parts may be a little unnecessary.
A bloated mess like the man himself. There was a time where Kanye couldn't miss, but you're lucky if you find 20 good minutes in this 108 minute slog of a release. Sometimes less is more, and these days we could stand to have less Kanye.
This is a masterwork of emotions and beautiful sonics. It's a long album but damn, it doesn't feel long. His best work since MBDTF and Yeezus. Highly recommended.
Bloated and in desperate need of an edit. I ended up with 13 tracks kept out of 27.Glimmers of what made Kanye compelling will shine through on tracks like "Hurricane", "Moon", "No Child Left Behind, but thematically, Kanye's narcissism-presented-as-religiosity is suffocating. Some of the production is beautiful, but I can't remember a single bar, it's all church camp rap. Curses are edited out, but references to gang violence etc. are included, as well as contributions from notable creeps in the music industry such as Manson. It's morally inconsistent, and (frankly) massively obnoxious.You get the sense that Kanye thinks he has nothing to learn from anyone else in the room because he's such a "genius" that every fart is gold, and in many ways this album is his reality check.
It just doesn’t cut it. It feels like the spectacle heading up to the album release was all he was really going for abs the listener is left confused. Only stans trying to make this album seen better than it really is
God, Kanye, where do I begin. This album was so pivotal to dissuade those voices in the media that you had 'past your prime', a 'tortured soul that has too much fame', a literal Icarus of our times, the man who flew to close to meta objectionalism.Dondas, intro, was at best an ear sore that didn't quite set me up for the album, at worst a harrowing subjection to what it might be like to suffer some form of schizophrenia, internal voices screaming out the name of your late mother. I see the objective, but it did nothing but set me in a 'bad ear mood' for the album. The being said the album, as a whole, served some serious songs that delivered not just some traditional Kanye (God Breathed/Off the Grid) but also some of the Gospel Kanye we have come to love, kinda?The like of Jay-Z retained on the album was a god send (amongst the news he had been dropped for DaBaby), but to that point, it taints the effectiveness of one of the best tracks 'Jail' having co-writer credits to the (currently) alleged sex offender Marilyn Manson - down as Brian Warner in the credits - somehow keeps the song from being my fav, as much as I am able to 'separate the art from the artist' my issue isn't with Manson, per say, but with Ye's decision to have him on the album. However this could be accredited to the song being written long before the untimely news of Manson discursions.By the Second Act of the Album, I place that around the titled track Donda, we see Ye shift gear, it is at this point I feel the album become bloated. It begins to shift its 3/4 minute length tracks to 6 plus. A decision I feel that could of been two separate albums.Tracks that stuck out as exceptional songs were, Jail, Jonah, Junya, Moon, Remote Control (yes even with that sample) and Ok Ok. Honestly that whole middle section of the album is where Donda really shone.In the end, however, for me, Yeezy manages to strike the vein of his genius on a few of his tracks, arching back to a Ye I haven't heard in a long time, and for that, I feel this album is a return to throne. A scorched, over produced at times, inflated egotistical showcase of an album, but then again, this is Kanye we are talking about, did we expect anything less?
I'm not sure if I hated this because I kept comparing it to his other work, but it's really bad. I guess we can call it an album?
Easily Kanye's weakest album, and I'm a Stan. I don't think he's made anything truly great since Yeezus, but at least his other albums since then haven't been so bloated.Sparse production, repetitive lyrics. A few sparks of Kanye's creativity but this really isn't a good album.
Kanye West - DONDA - ALBUM REVIEWIf you take all the bad parts of "Yeezus" and mash them together with some of the better sounding parts of "T.L.O P" ....Then take that. ..stuff it through a "Jesus is King" filter and drag it on for nearly 2 hours.....You have DONDA.With very few gems scattered among a huge amount of filler...this is NOT the definitive Ye comeback album we all wanted. 5/10
Pésimo, sobre producido y muy cargado, mucho relleno, la misma propuesta de siempre, Kanye viene entregando lo mismo desde 2013...
An album full of incredible highs and the lowest of lows. Donda is excruciatingly long due to needless filer and lacks the structure of previous releases
Album far short of the artist that Kanye West proved to be. Definitely sometimes I think this is just a passing outburst and that soon he will be aware of making good music again.
Pretentious, uninspired, auto-tuned fluff. Hopefully this will be the nail in the coffin for 10-15 tears of crap hip hop albums.
Album is a huge grower. While I wasn’t sold on it at first, the more I’ve listened, the more it continues to grow. This is easily some of Kanye’s most beautiful and best work in a long time. It’s not a perfect album, but it’s damn near close.
There's no way in hell that Ye can be a Priest after this. I know Kanye misses his Mom but needs mental psychiatric help. And his latest album is a mess but at the same time it sounds pretty good too on a technical sound standpoint..
A had to do this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This album gets better and better with every listen. There is serious grown and he has clearly come a long way since Ye and Jesus is King. Clearly Kanye is healing and finding therapy in the music. People clearly cannot understand the artistic genius that is Kanye West. It goes beyond lyrics. Ye is one of the rarer artists who produces with heavy involvement in addition to writing and providing vocals. None of what he puts out comes from a filing cabinet in a record label's vault. This album is a work of art and one of his best in years. Truly a sleeper album and undoubtedly those who are hating on it today will be fans down the line talking that "it grew on me" nonsense. I'll be waiting.
What JIK should have been, Donda > TLOP imho. I wasn't keen on the first listen through, but a lot of the tracks really grew on me.This is going to be seen as a classic in 5 years from now. Sure it's a bit overwhelming and all over the place, but you gotta love an artist who is releasing music not for radio hits but because it's what their feeling. This album comes off as authentic, a increasingly rare thing in hip hop.
It has its moments with songs like Jesus Lord, God Breathed & Moon but ultimately it's too long, feature-heavy, and unfocused. Donda deserved better than this.
This album shows exactly what Kanye West is about: innovation, master production and controversial lyrics subjects. Each track has its unique sense of originality and this ilustrates well why West is always one step ahead of the industry. Donda may sound strang at a first listening, maybe even boring, but the project gets better as you give it more listenings. It is just like a good wine: open it, let it breath for a while and only then you can enjoy it
Such a great album, great lyrics but dababy is disgustingKanye ended that local white snake.
Overall it’s a cool album not great, but not bad either. The highs are amazing, and the production is great but there are too many songs and some filler that brings the album down
Most of the critic reviews are a complete joke. Why is Trump even mentioned in the first paragraph of most of these reviews? Also if Kanye didn't bring out Manson and DaBaby I'm sure the critic reviews would be different.
This album seems to be all of his album's sounds into one album. Musically this album is great. This is better that 90% of the hip hop albums released in the past years.
Although the project is lacking in focus and shrouded in drama, it is also one of the most insightful and refreshing projects to come to hip-hop in years.
An album with really high heights and really low lows.(With some average tracks)The album starts of strong (donda chant song of the year).But already weakens off at praise god with a meh travis verse and awful keem verse. Jonah picks it up a bit .But im not so crazy with the beat tbh.Ok ok and junya are just afwul tracks .What made kanye think to bring lil yachty on this album is beyond me.But don't get me wrong it's not only bad because of lil yeachty.The beat is generic and kanye probably brings one of his weakest performances on this song.Rooga was ok.After that we get a couple of mediocre songs wich i did get the appeal of but just didn't land with me.Remote control was also pretty bad lmao.Then tha album pciks up heavy again with moon.Probably my 2nd favorite track outside of off the grid.I also LOVE keep my spirit alive with a killer chorus and verses.jesus lord it needed a switch up(get it?).Great track tbh but it's samy after 8 minutes.Then ffs the album drops again in quality.Probably the most inconsistent album in have heard in years.Kanye should have never made the album 28 tracks long.The pt2 tracks were cool but i liked the part 1 tracks more.(except for ok ok were part 2 is slightly better).Then it ends good with the last 3 tracks(not oncluding the pt 2 tracks).If kanye simply took the best 14 tracks of this album it would have been one of the best albums ever like not even kidding.Just the ammount of meh tracks on here made this album just ok ok.top 5 tracks:-off the grid-moon-jail-hurricane-keep my spirit aliveleast favorite:-tell the vision-ok ok-new again-remote control-junya
Amazing album, Kanye was on his A-Game. A bit bloated, but its heavenly at the same time.
utter crap, kanye needs to go back to his roots and understand what made him good to begin with because he has been getting worse and worse for a long time now
Another incredibly strong album from Kanye, his most personal yet, very heavy in places but worth investing the time
Not free from mix blemishes, problems with vocals or unnecessary tracks, but "Donda" contains some of West's best material. While Manson being on the record is inexcusable, it doesn't change the facts that the music on the album is simply of very high quality. I hope for some further improvement, but even without it - amazing listen.
A production without a cover and songs that do not cite contributions. Is this his way of making it look conceptual and revolutionary? It's just tacky, ugly and malicious. There's no ̶t̶r̶u̶m̶p̶ card, the music has never sounded so poorly contrived. If he didn't plan on taking a award out of Swift's hand, he might plan on stealing her marketing ideas.
I enjoyed it, it's theme is mostly cohesive and it is what Jesus is King should be. Maybe a top5 Kanye album
I wouldn't call myself a fan but I **** with Life of Pablo so I gave Donda a chance. Listening to it wasn't a bad experience, I just felt like moving on from it about halfway in. Jail pt. 2 was the only post-Moon song that didn't feel repetitive or churchy. I felt like he was compensating for all the features by adding in all the outtakes from his previous LP. don't get me wrong, the features were all good (none of them like Monster-level iconic but still memorable), but it was weird to not see any credits for such a feature-heavy album
It's too long as a whole album but for the songs themselves are (for the most part) actually quite good.
This album is so boring and monotone. Such a waste of time. I couldn't hear nothing worst than this.
Sorry, but unfortunately, this sounds like some new artist tryin' to sound like Kanye making his first songs and putting them all out at once without even selecting the ones which actually worth being on an album... Some of the songs sounded unfinished, some of the beats sound like they are undone, it feels they can't drop somehow and the entire song feels like made over a intro part of the instrumental. So many filler tracks. Sure Kanye showed some signs of his talent on this one too but overall, it was luckluster.
So boring and excessively long. Donda leaves a sour taste that no number of good beats, gospel choirs, or church organs will cleanse. Zero stars.
People go on and on about their political views and then decide to support this man. It is completely different to judge the art from awful people when their art doesn't reflect the awful people they are. It is not the case here. Independent said it best.
Dondaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i’m so sorry because your narcissu son gave you his worst album ever after your name.
Top 3 Kanye Albums. Maybe it's too long but a great album. I like it too much. Haters gonna hate
This metacritic rating is wayyy too low. Such a great and atmospheric album
After all the hype that Kanye West did, I was expecting a **** job showing how to make music. On the one hand, the songs sound cool. Also pleases a large number of other performers. On the other hand, Kanye is still singing religious songs, which, firstly, got sick, because I listened to his albums not because of praising Jesus, and secondly, it does not give an opportunity to swear, which is why some of the songs are censored. Further, the cool sound is present only from 2 to 5 songs, as well as 10 and 18, after which there are songs consisting of 2 to 4 instruments, and at the end you already start to feel sick from the organ, kick from 808 and claps. Besides, I don't understand the jokes, like the end of "Remote Control" and the whole song "Tell The Vision", which I consider to be the worst song on the album and in Kanye's entire discography. Well, the cherry on top is supposedly the second parts of the songs at the end of the album, which are actually remixes with other artists. There was no problem if the songs were originally labeled as remixes, but we are presented with this as a continuation of these songs, which means new songs, not the same ones. Ultimately, Donda is the same JESUS IS KING, only under a different sauce that you don't understand at first, then you like it, and in the end you realize that it's the same thing. The main problem with this album is the excitement that has developed around it. After all, when you put on whole performances of your album, which you haven't even finished, and show the audience how you run into other artists, then the expectations from your work are higher than ever, and you had to justify them. Top 3 songs: 1. Off The Grid 2. Jail 3. Believe What I say
Features some of the best songs of the year, great to see Kanye and Jay-Z back together again as well. However this album suffers from a serious length issue. Some songs could be taken out, tell the vision wasn’t even finished. Underneath this 27 song montage is a much superior and laser focused 15 track album.
A great concept worked with creativity, respect and imagination. The problem are that is too long, with themes that really overshadow all. The polemic maybe has made the album be criticed before time.
At best a Top 5 Kanye West album. Sadly the album is over cluttered with unnecessary fillers that didnt really do anything. Still though, there are some musically insane productions on this collection of songs that give you the feeling they came from Prime 2010 Kanye!
Regardless of the controversial and grievously chosen features(you already know who i mean) it still offers nothing. It reaches for meaning and falls flat. Even the best song "jail" feels bogged down and under done. It feels like an overthought effort dependent on hype. Post J.I.K kanye hasn't recovered the groundbreaking talent of his peak performances. A disappointing release that would've benefited from time
what's this album about? what's this album about? what's this album about? what's this album about?
I’m torn when it comes to “Donda”, and as of writing I still haven’t given a score. Like I said, there are some of Kanye’s best songs here that I’ll probably be playing long after the heat has past. But there are also plenty of songs that I’ll never listen to again, maybe more so than the ones I loved, and I can’t just ignore them. I’m less worried about the state of Kanye’s creativity after this record compared to “Jesus Is King”, but with every messy record and just as messy album rollout I’ve become less and less invested on every next move that West is making. It’s frustrating seeing him being capable of making something great like right alongside something completely forgettable or even straight up bad, but “Donda” continues to be a display of Kanye West’s unfocused creativity
What is this trash, baby? Go pray to your jebus for some inspiration next time
Wow. Hard to rate since 'Donda' is to me literally Ye's both worst and probably best material.What I found underwhelming was the overall repetitiveness of songs, especially 'Jail', the unlistenable 'Donda Chant', 'God Breathed', 'Ok Ok', 'Junya', the end of '24' and the awful and umpteenth version of 'Tell the Vision' trying to revive the guts of late Pop Smoke. Add this to the four 'part 2' tracks and you get an album based on very similar beats and compositions. Ye had the quite bright idea to invoke numerous fellow artists and friends on this record. However there are many tracks in which he seems to be invited on rather than be the obvious primary artist. In this case it is hard to love this material since Ye appears to be only one of its component. I mean, I'm not far from hating Playboi Carti and he's featured twice (or even three times counting 'Junya part 2'). He took way too much space in my opinion for me to really enjoy some of the consistent parts of 'Donda'.However I can't deny the fact that some artists did embellish the experience. Jay Electronica is fantastic on 'Jesus Lord', Kid Cudi is great on 'Moon' as Travis Scott and Baby Keem are more than welcome on 'Praise God'. Each artist delivered an interesting piece of oneself in order to craft and contribute to Ye's massive project.On his side, Ye gathered a surprising amount of producers. But he still got us confused with all these release dates, the terrible communication surrounding 'Donda' and all the drama. Ye's punchlines vary between awesome and totally dull (just remember the notable 'Dustin he a Hoffman'). Anyway, I'm glad this album came out, because I really doubted it would. Still a messy, uneven and chaotic release. In conclusion I love the tracks I originally liked and I hate songs I simply disliked at first listen. 'Donda Deluxe', even if it brought some great tracks, got us more confused than possible.
Extremamente superestimado, fui ouvir esperando ser um álbum no mínimo coeso e me decepcionei
Music for hedgefund bros indeed. Pure garbage with criminaIs as features. Kanye’s worst album
Donda is a masterpiece, after several delays and drama over the last year, i can say that the album came out perfect with some great productions and features.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Un saludo a cringe musical xdxdxdxddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
Kanye said that universal released this album without his approval, and sure enough it does sound incomplete and no where near as good as his earlier projects.
It's just a bad album, I didn't like it at all. Including that it is basic, and too long for what it offers us, he should have left it at 0 songs, and never put out this album.
A huge mess. There are any connection between 27 songs, definitely the worst album
DONDA is an absolute masterpiece and here's why. Firstly, it captures the stages of grief Kanye has expressed while dealing with his mothers' death. Second, once again Kanye brings the best out of the features, to the extent where a couple of them have one of if not the best verse of their career so far. Thirdly, Kanye consolidates his position as a GOAT in the industry by being able to excel in different genres of music (rap, drill, pop, gospel, to mention a few present in DONDA). Finally, DONDA reflects how Kanye disregards everything the media and general public tries to "cancel". He finds the best out of artists like DaBaby and Marilyn Manson, which have definitely acted very wrongly in the past. However, he disregards it at he knows their artistic potential (aiming to pardon everyone and get them closer to God). And by the way, this is MY opinion. I still have mixed feelings about these two on the album, but I've tried to ignore their actions and focus on their ART.
Why is this piece of trash was ever released! I’m so ashamed to used to like your music, now I’m on team Drake!
Way too long. Nobody needs all 27 of this songs. Most of them feel like filler tracks. And envolving people like Manson didn't help sell it to me. A reflection of how and why Kanye is slowly becoming irrelevant in the music industry
That are no words in the english language that can properly describe how awful this music made me feel.
pure trash, i'm not surprised at this release its purpose was to raise awareness towards these sort of people
Ew, creo que Ed Sheeran se esfuerza más en su música y aún así es sheet
Worst album. Poor beats, poor music, poor voice & poor lyrics. Had high expectation because of his earlier good work. He. Should retire from industry.
a psychopath may work out an good album but kanye the lunatic will never. pure sh*t.
Seriously going to play Sour again to heal my ears from the injuries made by this album.
Péssimo, simplesmente um álbum que você se arrepende de dar play! Decepcionante.
Kanye Created An Experience of SalvationFrom Hell to Heavenits almost a Greatest Hits album bcs He Hits on every Song
Perfect! Period. Songs blend seamlessly together. The "Pt 2" are just remixes. The lyrics are thoughtful and clever. Who doesn't like a double-disc album with BONUS TRACKS? Such a 90's thing.
I’m sorry, but the critic and audience score is WAY too low. The album was a bit of a let down and had flaws but it still was at least 75-85. I think people judged it too quickly and I think it will age well like all his albums.
Beautiful piece of music that no one could have ever created but Kanye West.
Fantastic album, Kanye is back with some of his best verses in years. The production is minimalist yet fantastic, great features all around. Only detracter is we didn’t seem to get enough Kanye as his features played a large role, but in 27 track album, it’s impressive that it never lulled through any feature or verse. DONDA would be proud
Kanye returns to form with DONDA. Minimalist but very creative. Production always amazing, Kanye brought out the best in the features.update November 4its gotten better after original listen. As per every Kanye Album
Absolute trash. Meandering and way overlong - also overproduced, despite featuring precious few actual songs. And West is garbage on the mic, when he's even showing up on his own songs. Anyone impressed by this tripe needs to listen to more music - or at least to stop talking about music.
just pay for my therapy right now, the worst musical experience of my life, now i understand why kim kardashian listened on the mute, it's the only way to play the album without killing your brains
I don't care about what people say about this, i don't care about Ye's previous records. That album is so important to me, and now when i'm really depressed, some of the songs that always helps me are on this album. Come to Life my favourite one. Album for my life. Thanks Ye.
To me, every song gives off the same vibe. There are no “oh damn” stand out moments. It feels like I could drop any 10 songs on the album and not be butt hurt. A couple of the songs are worth adding to your “go to playlist” but I wouldn’t pick any of the best songs on this album over any of the decent songs on his other albums. I don’t think time will save this album either, mostly because the beats sound like mash ups of his other albums, and less like brand new sounding beats like 808s or yeezus. Overall the album feels like he threw everything at the wall to see what sticks, half the songs have collectively created a puddle on the floor. And to all those babies giving the album either a 0 or a 10, grow up.
A nice addition to Kanye's discography.Although there are some terrible choices being made in the form of overtly long run time and unnecessary features, such as DaBaby and Marilyn Manson on Jail pt.2. Nevertheless there are great songs in the album that compliment each other in a way only Kanye West knows how to do.
Don't expect it to be rap because it really ain't it's gospel music at most. There are tracks which were great from the start like Jail and Off The Grid (Praise God is good but quite annoying) and then the awful tracks like Tell The Vision which was unfinished and still is poorly made and should've been cut from the original release. The deluxe version was alright but ordered different. Life Of The Party was phenomenal but should've been on the original release.
An album claimed to be a condolence to his dead mother. Donda lacks in substance and character. His worst work to date

Truly what JIK was meant to be. Some of the best songs Kanye has released ever. High points like Come To Life and Pure Souls really make you appreciate that we are still getting new top quality music from this Artist. Although there are a few snags in the track listing such as Jonah and Tell The Vision, which is just a horribly mixed Pop Smoke interlude. The good songs definitely out weigh the bad.
Kanye's best work since 2016, arguably 2010. While the tracklist does not seem to flow exactly right and there are some questionable track choices such as a stripped down Tell The Vision interlude, this does not downplay the sheer beauty and artistic ambition of this album. The features are very reminiscent of The Life of Pablo era, all adding their own flair to the song they are on. There are at least 4-5 tracks here that you could comfortably place in his best songs of all time, and the emotion in his lyricism is at a high here. He may not make tight focused narrative/concept albums like MBDTF anymore, but albums like TLOP and Donda are more of an insight into the mind of a genius at certain points in his life: most particuarly through his personal experience of fatherhood.
Beautiful and meaningful album with exceptional production. I just hope he would add Chris Browns verse in New Again
Very good album. My only complaint about Donda is it's being a little too long.
No geral o álbum é muito bom, com destaque pra música off the grid meu Deus do céu é sacanagem essa música. Eu realmente não entendi o motivo de repetir as músicas no final do álbum, eu achei q era diferente dai escutei e era praticamente a mesma coisa ????????? Mesmo assim Kayne mandou bem demais nem sei como tentaram comparar o álbum do Drake com esse daqui.
Out of 27 songs you will easily find 9-10 gems which will likely become eternal classics. I look forward to people reading these tragic reviews in the future while their kids venerate this album. Jail part 2, com e to life and moon all hold significant staying power and is some of best and real art kanye has ever produced.
He used to be good...unfortunately this album drags so much. Quality over quantity...
The music is always similar to the old music. Nothing interesting and makes us want to hear it again and again. It's just avarage!
This album was supposed to drop before and that shows how scared he was beacuse the album has no cohesion he is just trying to express an idea that is so cliche it had to be controversial. But the reality is that it was a failed attempt it os awful and it charges me with negative vibes
It ultimately lacks direction and is probably too long for its own good. There's some hits and misses and will probably spawn a few charting singles but as an album it is one of Kanye's weaker efforts.Ona a side note, might as well throw away that Independent review which is very clearly a personal issue with the artist and not a review of the subject material. It's a pretty sad grab for clicks to be completely honest.
This album is just bad! I wasn’t even able to finish it, like it’s sooooo long.
Although I still liked Jesus is King, this is probably kanye's best interpretation of what a gospel album should be since The Life of Pablo. This album may have some of its flaws in tracks like tell the vision and remote control, but every other track is either something I absolutely love, or a track I don't mind while listening to the album. 8/10 pitchfork and the rolling stone suck
I really have to say something . .
donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda doonda doonda doonda
fodafodaoaowiwjwjwbbwbwbwbwbwwbwbwbehsdisiisiw82928282828w88w8wiwiwiwiwiwiwuwiuw
After all the hype and the controversity, huge disappointment. Ye created some of the best album from the last decade(see MBDTF), but this is mediocre at best. Lots of useless fillers. It could have been reduced to 9/10 tracks.
What the hell is this? No, seriously, what is this? This album is severely lacking in any substance, and yet, it tries to be this huge, almost two-hour-long tribute/concept album dedicated to his late mother, Donda. This album is so unfinished, not like how The Life of Pablo felt unfinished because that was the whole aesthetic of the album, mind you, but Donda, on the other hand, is so unfinished, it's unenjoyable. The only song I really enjoyed was the track titled "Believe What I Say" because there, it doesn't sound like a demo and actually has a strong tempo that stays the same throughout the song's length. The worst song, on the other hand, is the track "Off the Grid." Off the Grid, just like this album's production. There are moments on that song where the distorted bass is way louder than everything else and is mind-blowingly distracting, and the hook is hot garbage. All of the other tracks on this are either trying way too hard to do a complete re-hash on Runaway's epicness, which is what made the song incredible in the first place, or simply just existing to fill up run-time. I'm having a hard time just grasping what Kanye could be aiming for with this record; is he trying to make a tribute album to his mother, or is he making a hip-hop album with production that is hip-hop's equivalent to black metal? Whatever he was going for, I can at least appreciate that he's making an album solely dedicated to his mother; however, in hindsight, this definitely needed extra time in the studio.Overall score: 1.6/10Favorite tracks: Believe What I Say, Heaven and Hell, Jail pt. 1, some parts of HurricaneLeast favorite tracks: Off the Grid
I genuinely have no idea what people who like this are hearing. This was 2 hours and it was terrible pretty much all the way through. It was like being waterboarded by audio
Awful music. Every song is 2 min and made from random sounds. Kanye is not good rapper at all.
Um álbum diversificado, que remete a vários trabalhos anteriores do artista sintetizados numa nova roupagem. Uma proposta criativa, misturando imposição, religião, provocação, produção única e muitas composições complexas, com diversas camadas cuidadosamente montadas. O único pecado é o excesso de músicas, que tem um lado artístico positivo, mas ocasiona em momentos mais fracos do disco.
This is just a bit rubbish in all honesty. i could accept this drivell if it revolutionised music in any way shape or form. Unfortunatley this ablum, though quirky, is no revolution 9. it's just a lazy cash grab that only fails to enforce the edgy character that kanye trys to push
This is probably the worst album i've ever heard. Poor lyrics, poor production, poor... everything. There's no flavor in it. Horrible.
too many tracks, generally monotone album. the hype it gets is only because it’s kanye.
this is the worst album ever produced, i cant believe how kanye west still creates this kind of music. try to reinvent yourself kanye, try something new
Very out of place, out of touch and just everywhere. It felt like I was in Newyork, trying to catch the train on a Monday morning in an overcrowded station. Make it stop!
Amazing album, unfortunely the critics don't show the real greatness of this. How The Independent give a ZERO because has a feature with Marilyn Manson who is being ACCUSED and not guilty of anything and ignore the other 26 songs
Previous album was still better! This one was good but it was too long and non sense
An average album for "Kanye West" imo. 27 songs in an album is just boring. I was waiting for the album to end. btw it isn't that bad to get 0 from Independent lol
I don’t like this album. The sound is very bad and the lyrics are incomprehensible. Maybe maybe he's a little passable about the album's friendship. But other than that, the most boring albums I've ever heard.
it was trash by all meanshe didn't make any effort to make something that is worth listening
One of the worst music I've ever heard. Kanye has fallen too deep into the depth of mediocrity. An embarrassment to me and my home girls.
noise! Pipeline musicn. It deserves a low score! Can this thing win the championship Maybe the title single result .That was ten years ago
a piece of s**t, the meta critics said it all, I even saw someone gave it zero.
Great album but it doesn’t feel finished yet. Some songs are too long and some of them are just fillers. But I still like most of them tho good job ye.
This donda sheet is wild garbage. music for hedgefund bros.(filler words)jdnwicbskxnsfisbfjebfisbd
Great rollout. Some unnecessary songs but It's ok."Those who stuck with him through thick and thin will love it, while the rest of us can safely dip our toes back in the water".
Initially I didn’t know what to make of this album, one of the main reasons kanye is as successful and loved as he is is because he is so good at putting together great albums, and over the last 5 or so years as his life has become a lot more busy and chaotic it seemed like that talent as wained, however as I spent more and more time with this album, I came to realise that these are some of the best tracks he has made in years, and even though the album is bloated and disjointed it is endlessly listenable, so in conclusion even though some of the guests are questionable, it’s super long and doesn’t meet the very high bar of quality he has set for himself by releasing numerous classic albums in the past, this is the most enjoyable kanye album in years and signals a return to form even if it’s not a certified classic.
taylor swift is better this is trash he should just retire and medicate trashh
The worst album in history just overhyped, overrated album full of abusers, rapists homophobes, blackfishers simply disgusting. Also if he was a woman he would've been over by now but since he's a very disgusting man he is free to do whatever and his pets will still eat it up
Was expecting better.......................................................
It's definitely chaotic, full of fillers and contains some traces like w God etc and others with too much trap.But all in all well, there are some great hits and that's enough for me.He may not be the best Kanye but he is still an artist with a superfine musical taste.
Incoherent mess of an album. Overhyped and under delivered. Don’t waste your time and money.
Such a beautiful, long, amazing album. I love the length, and I don’t think there’s a single skip. One of his best yet.
Pretty disappointing album.Off the grid and Praise God are the only 2 songs of the project i like.I havn’t liked any of kanyes recent albums. He used to be so ahead of his time and change the rap game in many ways.Ever since the life of Pablo i feel like he’s been trying to prove, that he is musical genius, which i think has resulted in some very corny albums.Miss when i released something innovative like 808’s and Yeezus.
Donda. a whole lot better than the last 2 projects. lots of features, some didnt make the cut..*cough* *cough* "soulja boy" *cough* *cough*. theres a lot more tracks on this coverless album. half the songs have great beats but not so great vocals or raps and vise versa. "Jail prt 2", "Pure Souls", "Heaven and Hell", "Believe What I Say" and "Ok Ok" were the stand out tracks..everything else can go f**k itself. i miss the old Kanye.
Absolutely bloated, there are moments in there I enjoyed but I can't find them again after repeated listens because so much of it is just boring. Sounds wise, there's nothing new or exciting here that Kanye hasn't done before, sounds kinda similar to Life of Pablo just way less inspired.If he managed to trim it or label it as a Disc 1 and Bonus Disc maybe you could make an argument that it's the best of the last 3 albums, which isn't really saying much.The album art too...Kanye was never the best lyrcist but still made even his dumbest lines work. His production was always where he was years ahead of his contemporaries but here it's just boring.I even somewhat enjoyed his last album shortly because it was at least unique for him despite the fact that it did not hold up on repeated listens. This can't even annoy me, which is the worst part, it's just bland and inoffensive.
Este álbum es muy mediocre. Las canciones son pesadas y se hacen difíciles de escuchar. No aportan nada nuevo. Y mención aparte a lo largo que es el disco, casi 2 horas es criminal. Después de crear tanto hype con los sucesivos retrasos…
Podre igual tudo que esse homem faz. Espero que amargue terrivelmente!!!!!!!!!!!!!111
Un altro capolavoro di Kanye.Spesso messo a paragone con Certified Lover Boy, ma Donda è nettamente meglio.
Álbum com pouca relevância, temática simples e sem graça, e fora as divulgações nos estádios de mal gosto.
A wise man once said “This is not album of the year, this is album of the life.”
this is so bad, worst Kanue's album, where tf is his voice??? he's not that good, overrated album
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Donda lacks unique production, brilliant lyrics and effort, yet considered to be a tribute to his mom. Few of the features are very well put and well assigned for the album but other than that, it's a filler/loop material that also lacks magic and craft that Kanye had beforehand.
Donda starts out strong, with the hypnotic "Donda Chant", the sort of experimental tracks like "Jail" and "God Breathed", the hard-hitting "Off the Grid", and the beautiful "Hurricane" featuring The Weeknd. However, near the middle of the album, there is a lot of questionable songs that I feel like could be better off in maybe a deluxe version of the album instead of the main release. A lot of songs in this section seem bland, unfinished, and I'm sorry to say, but sort of like "filler tracks" which is very uncharacteristic of Kanye."Jonah", "Ok Ok", and "Heaven and Hell" are sound very unfinished. The production, also, in this section of the album seems very unpolished. The vocals will seem perfectly clear in one section of a song, then in another section, very quiet and unpolished like they forgot to master it fully.Near the end of the album, however, it starts to pick up a bit. "Jesus Lord" is a beautiful song with emotional and personal lyrics. I love the production on "New Again" and the end of the song is very chilling, reminding me of the choir in "Closed On Sunday" from Jesus is King. "Pure Souls" is a wonderful song with great production. One of Kanye's best songs in my opinion, and one of the best on the album. I feel like the pt 2 tracks at the end of this album would be better on a deluxe version of Donda, however they are in fact great tracks.This album is solid, however it's definitely not Kanye's best work. But, it is extremely refreshing from his previous underwhelming album "Jesus is King". I hope it can only get better from here.
may be a lot of filler, but, more bangers than filler in my opinion, genuinely don’t think there’s any really bad songs, just some kinda meh songs here and there, if he got rid of a couple songs it would honestly be a 109/10
I hate Kanye, always putting on overproduced stuff, with mediocre lyrics and lazy vocals. No one listens to a narcissist's album.
Easy or hard to listen to... Ye wanted to stick to a style which at times can go for benefit. The tracklist could be shorter, but a lot of tracks do give me a feeling that I'm rising into the sky.
This album shows that Kanye’s newfound full hearted move to religious music can still be some of his best work
Yes it is a step up from Jesus Is King. But even standing on its own. This is a great album with heavenly production and little filler
amazing album that actually has soul with amazing production and really future classic songs like Off the grid, hurricane, jail, praise god, believe what I say, moon, heaven, and hell, keep my spirit alive, Jesus lord, new again, pure soul, no child left behind & come to life but it does have misses like tell the vision, Junya, ok ok & remote control
This is the worst album to come from a high profile artist this year, Donda sounds like an array of tracks thrown together into an "album". The album lacks perspective, it's supposedly in memory of his mother but the album is a disgrace in honour of his mother
esse álbum é um marco! maior trabalho do ano e o de maior impacto mundial
Kanye has produced a mainly strong album again. DONDA, his 10th full-length LP, is powered by not only strong verses and an array of unique collaborators, but the fact that he held three listening parties to keep spirits high. Some interesting tracks that deserve to be pointed out is the electric yet experimental collaboration between Ye, Lil Baby and The Weeknd, titled Hurricane. The shape-shifting and somewhat dangerous Off The Grid, with Playboi Carti and Fivio Foriegn, and the spoken word interlude from Donda West herself on the album's title track. Most of the album is good, but improvement must be made on songs such as Jail, with a repetitive hook backing the track. Overall, there are some key points on this album Ye brings up, and a reasonably good LP, Recommended for Die Hard fans of Kanye.7/10
This album had some trash songs, it's bloated, misconceived, and executed poorly. That aside, no one else could make it.
A solid 9. Daria 10 se não fosse pela versão extended, unica boa é Jesus Lord pt 2 que poderia ser apenas ela no lugar de Jesus Lord. As demais da extended são dispensáveis principalmente Jail pt 2 que é absolutamente terrível e vem logo depois de No Child Left Behind o que é uma blasfêmia, entendo que ele fez pela ordem que está na versão normal porém odeio igual. Tiraria Lil Yachty de Ok Ok pois ficou meio off the beat, tiraria Shenseea de Pure Souls porque ficou uma musica grande sem necessidade e tiraria Tell The Vision também. Talvez mudar a ordem de algumas musicas para a transição fluir melhor. Fora isso apenas críticas positivas. Muito bem produzido como sempre, Kanye West um dos melhores produtores do mundo. Quero mencionar especialmente Hurricane, botar The Weeknd nessa foi genial. No Child Left Behind foi uma musica perfeita para finalizar essa obra de arte. Adorei as listening party achei muito conceitual tudo e inovador. Fico muito feliz com Jail porque sei o quanto Kanye gosta de Jay Z. Queria dizer que o album é ótimo e Donda estaria muito satisfeita com a homenagem (mesmo contendo feats do comando vermelho).
Solid album all around. OFC when the intro pops up on a drive or shuffle its annoying af. However there are still many tracks i come back too. The Highs may not be as great as some of Kanye's previous materiial however it is a highly consistent album that is enjoyable to listen to. Furthermore, all the features kill it even The Weeknd who I am personally not a big fan of normally.
This album reminds me of 'JESUS IS KING' and 'Ye' and i love it. Production on this album is top notch as well as having plenty strong melodies. Highlights in this album are definitely Jail (either one they're both solid), Hurricane and Jesus Lord. The lyrics might not be Kanye's best but the storytelling is compelling to say the least. Solid 7.5
Amaizing album. Not his best work but definetly one his better ones. Some of the tracks make me feel something I've never felt before. Astonishing.
The incomparable Ye has blessed us with another remarkable body of work from his truly gifted mind. He cements his place as the G.O.A.T of production and a mastermind of putting together an album that both evokes wonderment of his genius and a deep emotion that is rarely felt when listening to music.Musically, this album is hauntingly beautiful and forces you to reach into your soul to fully process the genius of his work.27 songs, 108 minutes & 31 features is a lot to take in and at times it can feel some what disconnected, but there is true, genre shaping, gold amongst this play list.Jail with HOVA blesses us with a moment in HIP HOP history that can not be overstated, Jay and Ye together is rare air, and to hear them together again brings me pure joy. God Breathed is a marriage of techno goes to church, with beautiful vocals and an up tempo beat that takes you on a wild journey and is one of my favourite tracks and Off the grid & Hurricane are also early favorites.Not every song on the album will make my playlist, and that's OK, because the good is, like, best Ye ever good, and that's saying something from a man that is hall of famer and has 9 studio albums that have all been #1 on the BILLBOARD top 200, included MBDTF which has a Metacritic score of 94My advice is listen to it a lot before passing judgment, this album may not feel like a classic to many critics just yet, but I am predicting, with time, it will be rated amongst the very best HIP HOP albums of all time
This was straight trash. I’m not even exaggerating. Or hating. And the fact I’m not even Christian made even worse to listen to...
Donda is a perfect album to Remember the old kanye andjsjdususjjdjdjdjdjskalxjxbfksksmsmdndnsnsnsnsnananananananandjdjsjjaaja
The album was very difficult to get through on first listen. Over time there are a few highlights that have emerged, a few sparks of polished creativity, in a seemingly dark jungle of creative, but ultimately chaotic and unfinished darkness.
Just the goat doing goat things, no one will ever come close to his ability, the album is practically perfect and will easily win album of the year
Gets better with every listening, the length is like an opus, every song will have a day in the next weeks to be stuck in my head at some point
De fato o álbum tem alguns problemas, como a falta de direção e algumas faixas desnecessárias que só o deixam ainda mais longo, como os remixes, mas continua sendo brilhante e tendo faixas brilhantes, que soam como novos clássicos, como "Jail". Ainda não acredito que esteja finalizado, por isso a bagunça, mas vamos aguardar para ver se estou certo.Infelizmente, não estão mais avaliando o trabalho do Kanye nos seus discos mais recentes, mas a pessoa por trás dele. Acredito que esses discos receberão mais valor quando ele morrer e for "perdoado" pela imprensa, pois música boa sempre sobrevive ao tempo e fala mais alto do que qualquer crítica.
the new kanye album is perfect, donda is a masterpiece, the best album of 2021.
perfeito! .
Donda by Kanye West is different from everything I have ever listened to, the album is flawless from first song to last song, the features are amazing, the lyrics are amazing and emotional, the production is my favorite part about the album. Kanye in my opinion is the best Hip-Hop producer of all time, his music is original and perfect. The melodies in the album is special, Kanye West manages to take the best out of every feature in the album, placing the features in a perfect place and time for every song. The album Donda is a homage to his mother Donda West, who passed away in november of 2007, all over the album you can find references about his moments with his mother, in the song Donda (tittle track) there is a audio of Donda West speaking on the influcence of her son Kanye in a interview, spoke about his thoughts his mentality and their relation of Mother and Son. The album feels like getting closer to God and Jesus, its a Gospel album that retracts Kanye faith, struggles, thoughts, and moments. At the moment is my favorite Kanye West album, I don`t know if its his best album, but I`d rather wait for the album to age more time, so i can decide if its better than masterpieces like ``My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy``, ``Late Registraton`` and ``Graduation``. The album Donda is better than Jesus is King, he got to execute his emotional religious Gospel music in a much better way than he did in his previous album. The first half of the album is much less Emotional and more agressive, while the second half has songs more emotional and focused in Gospel and Donda. Songs like ``Off The Grid`` and ``Heaven And Hell``, are prime examples of agressive and fire music in the first half. My favorite song of the album (at the moment, it might change) it`s ``Jail``, featuring Jay-Z, the song have perfect production, a heartwarming melody and great lyrics. The molodies and the production are my favorite aspects of this album, is really the best new album Rap music has got in a long time. The album is flawless musically, BUT there`s only one negative point in the album, the fact that in ``Jail pt 2`` the features are Marylin Manson and DaBaby, the song is good and their participation is also nice, but i just canoot listen to this especific song, my reason is because DaBaby made Homophobic comments in the start of August, whiel Marylin Manson case is even worse. Marylin Manson is a rapist, abuser, he tortured woman, have multiple accusations of Rape and Pedophilia, he should be in JAIL if you get what I am saying lol. Marylin is also a Satanist, i have nothing agaist Satanist people is their choice, but the album Donda is a christian album where Jesus and God are praised, I really hate the ideia of Manson in the album, I don`t know what Kanye West was thinking when decided to bring Manson to the album, i want to believe it was a Bipolar disorder that made him do that. Anyways this fact does not affect my opinion in the album, Jail with Jay Z is a way better song than Jail pt 2, I`d rather forget the song Jail pt 2 even exists. Coming back to the album. in my opinion it will go down as a big influence to Rap music and music in general. just like 808s & Heartbreaks was a big influencer to the sound of Hip-Hop in 2021. Talking about the features again, Don Toliver, Roddy Ricch, Kid Cudi, and Vory were my favorite melodies in the album, Kanye really got the best features he could place in every song, he has a visionary view and futuristic thoughts in relation to music, he is always inovating and bringing something original to the table. In conclusion, my rating on the album is a 10/10, a 10 out of 10, no musical flaws, i really enjoyed the album and I bet it will be in my rotation until the end of my life, lol. Thank you so much Kanye West for this masterpiece
Best return of the greates rapper and producer, he joine your genius, empathy, story with protest . Great lyrics and feats with best voices. THE ALBUM MAKES US REFER THE AUDITIONS REMEMBERING A UNIQUE EXPERIENCE
I really loved Donda straight up. There were many reasons where I felt the instrumentals were simply incredible and very complementary to the lyrics and the general themes of the various songs. I appreciated the album from start to finish and it's prolly gonna be on my rotation for a long time.
Best album ever created, kanye omari west the goat himself, listening in loop
Amazing album!! He accomplished to make an album with so many songs and 'Jail 2' is the only skip. I think his mother would be so proud if she could see the beautiful tribute he paid to her.
Magic Atmosphere! This Religious Feeling! From Brazil! Álbum muito bom, nota 10, fala de superação pessoal, problemas familiares, religiosidade, a atmosfera que os sintetizadores trazem a cabeça e o coração nos leva a outro mundo.
Donda is just perfect. An album with a emotional charge, 10/10.Kanye once again gave us a classic
Although the disclosure process is complicated kanye west style I see excellent stuff in DONDA.you can make multiors to give zero at will.
simply kanye west bro. this is the best kanye west album in years. 10/10 easily
Álbum incrível. Possuindo feats com grandes nomes do rap/hip-hop o álbum se mostra bem diverso e com mixagens singulares, saindo da mesmice da cena atual.
The album is great. It's so funny to see reviews. it proves Kanye's point. Cancel culture is childish. They loved the album during listening sessions when it wasn't even finished. but the moment everybody saw "cancelled" artists with him - low scores for the album. A lot of people refuse to even listen - yet reviewing it. The album proves the point how so clearly. Media is a joke.
Great album. Great rollout………………………………………………,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,$$$$$$$$$$$
Album of the year. Kanye West once again surprises everyone with an album in honor of his mother Donda West. Although everyone thought it would be another gospel album like JIK, he brought a little of everything he's done in his entire career, with songs without much standard metric that everyone is used to hearing in clothing stores, makes the listener be intrigued and want to hear again and again, an album with many collaborations and not much name exposure making listeners want to know who's who in each song, big names and the return of collaboration with Jay-Z filled the fans of hope that one day Watch the Throne 2
I Love Kanye, I love his songs and how he gives himself to every lyric, it's amazing because he literally reaches for heaven with his simple, sincere heart. Donda is perfect and I hope that many people will be touched and reached by the glory of God through Kanye's life.
Very melodic album kinda spiritual there are some songs over there that I consider them to be the best songs I have ever heard
Very good album, honest lyrics, Kanye brings the best of the features. Off The Grid one the best "drill" songs of the year. I love how in "24" Kanye and the Sunday Service complete each other. Moon is a melody classic. Jesus Lord a lott nice verses. Donda is already the best project in the year
couldn’t be better for his 10th album, a combination of all of his mastery production
Um disco sensacional que fez valer a pena a espera. a produção do disco está impecável, sonoridade diversa com o que se tem de melhor no momento, feats que agregaram muito e a genialidade do kanye no conceito é surreal.
Amazing album the mixing could definitely be better tho __________________________
Really great work, with strong songs though the album and remarkable feat`s, a project that only stays behind his amazing work on MBDTF, a beautiful tribute to Donda.
Executed perfectly. Production is almost flawless. No misses. Features are placed very well throughout the album.
One of the most beautiful things I have ever heard. Kanye really tried a wide variety of flows, subject matters and sonic landscapes. The whole album sounds massive.
Beautiful mixtape style album, not necessarily a specific sequence but Kanye doesn't fail to deliver pure quality and creativity on this project
One of my favourite Kanye west projects and would even give it a 10 it’s definitely in my top 5.
Kanye experiments with the sound of ambient music, which is new to his repertoire. He brings his usual knack for full album storytelling to the death, mourning, and acceptance of his mother's death. It is without a doubt that this album will grow and the meanings behind some of the decisions will become more evident over time. Some of Kanye's best qualities are on full display. Some of these being great production, clever and sometimes funny wordplay, and getting the absolute best out of his feature artists. Kanye gets very personal, emotional, and vulnerable. He also gets many of his features to do the same. He finally delivers some songs that fans have known about and anticipated for a year and sometimes more.Like many of the more recent Kanye albums, he can be often sporadic and all over the place. But that is who he is. That is the Kanye West of today and it is authentic. Some of the production, while sounding good, can be a bit rough around the edges. This has been a staple of Kanye's more recent work as well. I feel in a way, this album is the culmination of the Yeezy era we have been seeing starting with The Life of Pablo. It is a very long album, clocking in at an hour and 48 minutes if you include the four alternate versions of songs on the album. While it is very long, I wouldn't say there are really any songs worth skipping apart from Tell the Vision which is essentially an interlude. The choice to make the whole album censored is something that may change in the future but isn't surprising from Mr. West. It is a bit strange that he wouldn't have his features and himself rerecord new lines so the censorship isn't as noticeable. It doesn't ruin any of the songs, except Tell the Vision which was already a skippable track. I would prefer an uncensored version in the future.My personal favorite quality of the album is the soundscape and setting of the album. This is reflected in the listening parties with different scopes. Much of this album is undertoned by the sound of organs in the background. This gives the feeling of being in a void or desolate place. In the first listening party, Kanye walked around a desolate stage with nothing in "his world" so to speak. In the second listening party, he is enclosed in a single room surrounded by blackness and sometimes faceless people. In the third, he is back at his childhood home, but it is taken from its original spot and once again placed in the middle of a barren wasteland. he is now surrounded by people from his past life. Sinners, covered in black as well as Kanye.My only complaints are that, while no individual song is skip-worthy, it can be daunting to listen to the whole thing in one listen. Because of its length, this will be an album that people will either love or hate. Overall, there are also songs for people looking for different things. For people looking for upbeat bangers, there is Praise God, Junya, Heaven and Hell, Pure Souls, Jail, and the incredible Off the Grid. For people looking for more somber or chill songs, there is Hurricane, Jonah, Believe What I Say, 24, and No Child Left Behind. If you just want to cry, then there is Moon, Jesus Lord, Lord I Need You, and Come to Life. In a few years, this album will be remembered as a classic in true Kanye West fashion.
This album is what would happen if Yeezus had a baby with Jesus is King...Yeezus is KingEven if the album feels oversaturated at times with it's bonus tracks and songs which haven't reached their full potential, the musical "genius" is undeniably present and this album has many tracks which are objectively top 5 tier kanye.However, there's one thing that is not oversaturated on this album, and those are the features. Fivio Foreign might have given the best verse of his career on "Off the Grid", and even kanye stepped up too, delivering his best verses in years.Coming back to it's musical aspect, the album's mixing doesn't seem to be that great, showing the illusion of a rushed album, which this album is certainly not in terms of its sound, even if the album doesn't have a realized theme of what it wants to be in terms of track listing and (in)consistent musical themesWhile it may not be MBDTF or College trilogy levels of greatness, DONDA proves Kanye is here to stay however controversial he may be in the public eye.
I think people are too quick to judge this album. The more you listen to it, the better it gets. There really isn’t a single song I would skip, I liked the production on this piece.This album was what Jesus is King was supposed to be. This is Kanye outlining his thoughts about this stage of his life and how he returned to religion to get closer to his Mom again. Jesus Lord is a great storytelling piece. I think the reception will be similar to Yeezus in the way that it was polarizing, but is a soon-to-be cult classic. There are a lot of tracks on this album but each one has a unique flair to it. Kanye himself is very polarizing, but you can separate the art from the artist himself. If that’s what you need to do to enjoy this album, do so.
Listening to "Donda" is a cultural reset, its the oxygen u breathe, a lifestyle, an escape from this cruel world filled with thieves, its an art, the first gift you open on christmas, hug from a loved one, everything u ever wanted in life.
Ye realmente ha viajado al año 3021 para producir este álbum y regresó al presente para lanzarlo. Una obra de arte de inicio a fin. Considero que, a pesar de lo largo del álbum, West nos dio realmente todo lo que buscaba expresar. Definitivamente van con MBDTF y TLOP como mi sagrada trinidad kanyista.
I am a biggest fan of ye and after multiple listenings i have realised this is my fav ye album ! Every song has a purpose, new sound , oustanding musacility! BIASED CRITICS CANT SPOIL A MASTERPIECE !
kanye mais uma vez acertou. esse álbum é incrível!!!>jail>pure souls>come to life>moon
Kanye reinventándose, sabe hacer una armonía de sonidos entre el estilo urbano moderno y góspel.
His best work in years, incorporating elements not only from his past works but also those of current music trends, to create an incredible and highly memorable project
Álbum de la década, uno de los mejores discos del año con sonidos bastante bien mejorados después de Jesus is king
This the best album This the best albumThis the best album This the best album This the best album This the best album This the best album This the best albumThis the best album This the best album This the best album This the best album This the best album This the best albumThis the best album This the best album This the best album This the best album
good album kanye, sounds like a well done mix of the life of pabll and jesus is king
Great album, well done Mr. West. I really liked Donda and hate the independent for rating it 0 :(
Creo que es Justo un refrescante regreso para Kanye, no es un trabajo anticuado y en ciertos aspectos se siente innovador
Donda, West's 10th studio LP, is a listen that stretches far beyond its predecessor "Jesus is King" - in terms of its colorful sonic landscape and its complimentary collaborations with both A- and B-list artists. In addition, Kanye keeps doing what he did on his magnum opus "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy" - bringing the absolute best out of each and every feature - musicians and music-producers alike. This results in songs like "Off The Grid", "Jesus Lord", "Jail", "Praise God" and "Jonah". Kanye does more than this, he brings out his most vulnerable side in tracks like the breathtaking "Come to Life", a track that instantly replaced "Runaway" as my favorite West track off all time. Donda is a statement that this is indeed "a mission, not a show". 10/10.
maybe not kanye's best album but not bad taking into account that you have to evolve together with the industry if you will not be forgotten
Me da risa que la mayoría de comentarios negativos son los asquerosos fans de Quasimodo, dan pena que sea vean tan patéticos colapsando contra el álbum de Kanye. Me hacen reír un buen, son tan ridículos que causan alegrías.
Very impressed with this album. Only one or two songs I don’t care for, which is very hard to say for all other artists out there. Favorite song is “Hurricane” with The Weeknd and Lil Baby features. Well done Kanye. Donda would be proud.
Um dos melhores álbuns do Kanye West e um dos melhores desse ano. Louvem a Jesus Cristo.
DONDA, Kanye Wests 10th solo album brings together modern music production choices and styles to meet gritty and distorted samples. It’s scattered and abrasive track-list is reminiscent of wests earlier project TLOP. West shows once again his talent as a curator to bring many different producers and artists together for a spectacular musical piece. DONDA is a great show of what experience and talent can create. Creativity can sometimes fall short however, where this album shines in its rawness, it seems to have many unexplored ideas that don’t quite connect and sound fulfilled. Overall I highly recommend DONDA.
A renovação de um artista que nunca cai no ostracismo e mesmo depois de 20 anos na indústria,ainda tem o que mostrar
Best album wwShdhudhdhshshhsjsjsjsjaiiaiqjwvevdnaiqiejbrjeususjrhejsjsjdjrbwjs
His best since 2016, it won’t get nearly the love it deserves because of the polarizing figure Kanye has become
So many trolls giving this album bad reviews. It’s a great all around album with great production.
Amazing, highly recommend this album if you have the time…Kanye’s performance on this was absolutely magical.
Donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda donda
Buen álbum a pesar de ser cristiano, espero sea calificado como tiene que ser
I respect him as an artist but he's kind of overrated, literally NOBODY outside the RAP community thinks he's that good ! This album is terrible.
increíble cómo mariconean por lo de taylor lol álbum del año. te pasaste kanye
Really great album from top to bottom ,before going into this album i expected a lot of filler tracks because of how long it is but ye manages to keep a high level of quality and creativity on almost all the the tracks and even tracks I didn't initially like have grown on me
Anyone giving this a negative score due to his questionable collabs is a hater - rate the music, not the people. This album perfectly reflects the narrative that was strewn together from the 3 public listening parties that were held prior to its release. Kanye was able to visually display the entire story for us in those events, and people are somehow still not understanding this album. It baffles me that people are only able to critique superficially (both users and critics) and are missing the entire concept. It is not a 10 because of the very random Tell The Vision interlude.
Album of the life. Kanye is the greatest musician of all time. Mozart could only hope to be as good as him in another life time.
I cant say more than this is a life changer.Come to Life is Song of The Decade.
Instrumentally the album is a 9 - lots of organs and well placed drum beats. Very minimalist approach to lyrics. Truthfully we could have used a few more verses from Ye on a few tracks, less repetition and a reduced album in track length. So lyrically I give it a 7.Best tracks: Off the Grid, Hurricane, Jail, Moon, Believe What I SayOverall still a fantastic experience.
I seriously do not understand the low rating of this album because there’s something on it for everyone. Undeniable hype tracks like Off the Grid and Praise God. The most dance-worthy beat on Believe What I Say. And emotional, vulnerable and moving tracks like Come to Life, Moon, Hurricane, Lord I Need You and 24. Jesus Lord is a poignant social commentary on the prison industrial complex and the systemic plights against poor block communities. The production is way ahead of its time and more creative than 99% of hip hop being released nowadays. Not to mention the features go INSANE. The album incorporates Jesus is a way that isn’t off-putting or incongruent but rather relatable and sentimental unlike his previous releases attempt Jesus is King.
Over long but revolutionary, that’s the best way to describe this entire album. Even though some of the songs do drag out in the level of production might not be as high as some of these other albums, this album is so radically different from anything anybody’s heard it’s no wonder why some news outlets are giving this album a negative review. Even though the album might not be as replaceable as something like graduation or my beautiful dark twisted fantasy, I would argue that this album provides the greatest experience cover to cover it has the greatest level of immersion of any Kanye album that has ever released. The only reason why this album is an eight in my eyes is because it’s unfinished and some of the songs are completely unnecessary or could’ve been condensed into one. ( For example jail part one in jail part two could’ve been squeezed into one song.) I created my Metacritic account specifically for this review because I think most users are not fully comprehending what this album goals are even if it’s a positive review. To summit up short, this is Kanye’s musical. And while every song might not be perfect I might have a couple problems, I do believe Kanye (similar to life of Pablo) is going to make some changes to the mixing and some of the beats. Therefore, I bet by November this album is going to be a nine out of 10. All I’ll say is, don’t go into this album thinking it’s late registration part two are my beautiful dark twisted fantasy part two. It is something you’ve never heard of and I think it deserves mad props for that.
Donda is Kanye West’s 10th studio album and it’s a culmination of his 9 previous works and his collaborative works. The production shows throughout the tracks, somehow blending beautiful organ chords in with harsh distorted 808s and noises. Tracks deviate from one genre and dabble in a little bit of everything, from drill to gospel to lyrical to hip-hop. The feature list is nothing to scoff at and every single feature performed astoundingly to the point where the features are to Donda as the features are to MBDTF. The three listening parties and weeks of anticipation with only a handful of posts my Mr. West is something few others can do. This album has broken records in the couple days it’s been out and will continue to this entire week. This album is Kanye West’s story of music told through the medium of honoring his late mother, Dr. Donda West. Those who say the music is bad know nothing of how many people have worked on this work with Kanye. At the very least a sensible music critic should give it a 6/10, while sn average listener, such as myself, has a duty to give it more than an 8/10 for its sheer beauty of the sound it creates playing through headphones and sound systems.
I believe that this album Donda, Kanye’s or now knows as Ye’s 10th LP is a work of art with many features that really do their part in their songs. Kanye doesn't shy away either he has some really strong verses on Donda. I believe this album has so much going on with it that anyone can and will find a song they love. R.I.P Donda West.
Donda is an album that takes all the good gospel aspects from Jesus Is King, puts them on crack and combines it with hard trap beats and crazy good features. Too bad the pop smoke song brings it down to a 9.
Mr West’s 10th solo LP “Donda” is a beautiful combination of different styles of sound form his previous records, most prominently; “Yeezus”, “The Life of Pablo”, & “Jesus Is King”. It serves as a creative homage to his late mother Donda West. The matriarch’s vocals are present on multiple tracks, & she is referenced throughout the album. West incorporates great features & top tier production, as well as some of the singing & rapping we’ve heard from the artist to create what may go down as one of his greatest albums.
Donda is Ye’s best album since 2013’s ‘Yeezus’. With an incredible feature list (ranging from A-List stars like Jay Z, The Weekend and Travis Scott, to new upcoming stars such as Vory, Fivio Foreign and Lil Baby) Kanye is given free reign to give an amazingly produced album that expertly bridges the gap between secular and gospel themes, without over indulging in either. Kanye shows that he still has real rap abilities on songs like Off the Grid, and Jesus Lord. Songs such as Moon, Lord I Need You and 24 all being such emotion that carry the pacing on the album through those middle sections. Donda also has real replay value and, I imagine, will stay in people’s circulation for months upon months with songs like ‘Hurricane’, ‘Off The Grid’, and ‘Jonah’ giving real mainstream appeal. Despite these highs, Donda does have its lows. At 27 songs long (1hour 48minutes) It is a little bloated, certain songs could be removed and others shorted to give a more coherent message and direct sound. Also on certain songs, Kanye could appear more significantly and dominantly, rather than allows features to carry certain songs. Clarity could also be given to the albums messages. Overall, this is a return to form for Kanye, giving us his best work since 2013. While Donda, by its brazen production and gospel messages, will divide both critics and fan base, it does not deserve negative reviews. While the rollout (the biggest of 2021) has been a whirlwind of hype and excitement, some of which may not have been lived up to. It is still an excellent piece of music that will hold up as a turning point in Kanye West’s life.
Although the rollout was messy. The music speaks for itself. Kanye is back.
Cultural reset, the best 27 song hip hop album of all time. Highs are very high and the lows are almost non existent. The reuniting of Kanye and Jay-z and Kanye and Kid Cudi makes for a nostalgic masterpiece. Kanye’s beat solo album since life of Pablo.
The discography of Kanye is can be summed up as an amazing collection of sounds with personal themes shaping the music. Donda is no different. This album contains one of Kanyes best work with songs such as Off the Grid, Come to life, and Hurricane among others. The mix overall sounds good though not great in some areas. This being my first following of Kanye's fascinating roll outs, I was drawn in by how he went about generating interest in the album. I enjoyed following the progression from listening party after listening party which also made it more special when receiving the final work. Overall, the album is truly special and will rank very well among Kanye's other work.
Donda is Kanye's realization of the sound experiment he first started with Yandhi, before eventually releasing Jesus is King. It worked
Donda is a masterpiece equivalent to "The Life Of Pablo", it is a great masterpiece among Kanye's numerous albums. Every time I hear it, I feel new.
THE GREATEST ARTIST OF ALL TIME. Kanye Wests highly anticipated 10th studio LP, Donda, after 3 listening parties and a long wait. Kanye does not disappoint, Kanye delivers a beautiful piece of art dedicated to the late great Dr. Donda West (His Mother) utilizing his god level production with wonderful samples most notably the great Ms. Lauryn Hill on Believe What I say, as well as an array of big name features who he brings the best out of for this beautiful piece of art that would have made his mother proud.
Album is great 9/10 for me but giving it at 10 to restore balance for all the haters that haven’t even heard it but rate a 0 just to hate on the man!
Donda, Donda, DondaYe’s newest album is finally here after much anticipation and hype! We’ve had quite a few release dates, 3 listening parties, and plenty of controversy leading up to this point. In fact it didn’t even end with the release, even today Kanye accused the label of releasing the album without his permission. Has all of this led to a giant flop? Not in my eyes.*Controversy & A Quick NoteIt’s easy to look at some of the features on this album, or recent listening parties, and get too hung up on the controversy surrounding them. Not to mention the fact that once again Ye has added a Christian vibe with plenty of references to God, Jesus, and of course a gospel choir. Mixing both of these together has clearly rubbed some people and media the wrong way. I’m not saying that those people are wrong or right but that shouldn’t affect the reviews of Ye’s music. After all reviewers are suppose to stay as non biased as possible, but I think we are quickly loosing that aspect of review culture. Most reviews you find are going to list every negative or issue they found with what I just discussed and you can bet it affects the final score…. Well you find that in this review.*The Review & ThoughtsThis album starts with a track your probably not going to listen to more than once but is clearly a dedication to Ye’s mother, who the whole album is named and dedicated to. It’s an interesting and different way to start the album to say the least but besides the sentimental meaning of the intro….there really isn’t much to see here. There are quite a few tracks on this huge, almost 2 hour long, album that are there for little more than sentimental reasons or trying to develop story narrative that doesn’t always present itself well. These tracks are few and far between for the most part however, so this isn’t a huge negative in my eyes.Most of the actual songs are catchy, easy to sing along with, and relatable. This album tells the story of a man who has fallen to extreme lows, but also a man who knows the heavens and mountain tops are still within reach. Songs like Hurricane, Moon, Remote Control, Jesus Lord, and Off the Grid really shine through with good beats and catchy flows. Currently, I say currently because one song was added to the album after release, the album has 27 tracks and about 20 of those I can handle listening to on a somewhat regular basis. Ultimately I think the album is one of his best since Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, not to discount some of the amazing tracks on The Life of Pablo. I’ve always enjoyed Ye’s music but have never been much of a regular listener, at least until now. I will definitely keep this album in rotation for the foreseeable future and find it to be one of the top releases for the year if you can get past the controversy surrounding some of the features. *OverallI give this album a solid 8 after a few full play throughs and spending most of the last 2 days with it on repeat. Some people may say Ye hasn’t progressed or made significant development with his sound and style…. I say, why is that necessarily a bad thing? If you like Ye’s Life of Pablo and older albums then you can’t go wrong with Donda. Look past the bad press and listen to this album, it will pay off. Overall I give the album an 8.0/10.0, if it weren’t for some fo the filler I could see it being a 8.5-9 any day.
One of the best albums of all time. Definetely better then anything Taylor Swift has ever wrote.
This is Kanye’s best work since TLOP. The feature list, production, and raw emotion are perfect.
This is Ye’s magnum opus. If you fully partook in witnessing the rollout of this album, it was by all means a roller coaster, but one that I would ride over and over again for such a thrill. This album has such a wonderful mixture of emotions, and serves as a fantastic summation of West’s catalogue.
Who else could produce an album that from start to finish holds his mother spirit at heart.
Greatest album of all time.The greatest to ever do it.Kanye did it again,GOAT
11/10 Album of the Year. Cured racism. Ended world hunger. I nutted in my shorts during the intro
This is a culmination of kanyes latest works and and is a beautiful messy dark and light masterpiece.
Masterpiece, despite being a bit more minimalist like 808s and Heartbrakes, the album still delivers with his intense production to make it feel like more like a holy and divine experience! A bit Gospel like, with references to College Dropout and Graduation, intercalated with Yeezus and the premium rap from WTT and MBDTF, with the JIK choirsOverall, an amazing experience ! The man can’t miss
This is For Donda West This is For Donda West This is For Donda West This is For Donda West This is For Donda West This is For Donda West
All the hype and buildup - for this?The album is one of the weaker Kanye Projects. It lacks cohesiveness and feels bloated. There is no need for 27 tracks on there, let alone the 3 remixes / oG versions of the songs which should’ve stayed on the B-Side / Deluxe. Some songs are so terrible that i don’t even comprehend how somebody listened to this and said - alright this sounds fire - let’s put it on the album. Junya for example, is, in my humble opinion, a strong candidate for the worst song of the year. I also don’t really think Kanye put any thought into when to place which song on the album. The production is wel behind Kanye’s potential, the grim 808s are abused so much that you get tired of them once you’re halfway through the album.Comically, half the rap-industry is featured on the album - which sometimes do deliver and sometimes not so much. Some features even feel abused for clout (like there was any reason for Pop smoke to be on this album…)Also I didn’t really get the message of the album other than Kanye really loved his mother.Overall you can really find some rare gems on the album, but to find them you will have to dig through a whole lot of mid songs.
The most beautiful album I’ve ever heard . A long album but the music and lyrically just incredible . Suggest listening through the whole LP
I love it. The only thing I didn't like is jail pt.2 and Jesus is lord pt.2 I think the album should have ended after no child left behind. But still love it.
Kanye this is what happens when you work with abusers, homophobes and rapists. Karma exists!!!
This is surely Kanye's top 5 to keep it short it has 27 songs and not all of them are banger but it does has but it works with the album cause the album is so well sequenced. Its getting **** reviews now but its gonna be like 808's heartbreak after like 5 year people are look back and be like "Damn gospel with trap ye was ahead of his time'' this album does require multiple listens to fully appreciate it, once you finish don't think about anything just rewind it and it will sound infinitely better.
This album is terrible. A bunch of boring tracks with boring beats. A 16 year old teenager could have written something more cleaver. And what a contradition itself talking about God and Jesus when you are featuring a rapist an a homophobic. Easily a 0/10. Kanye is just overated guys. He aint ****
Like all kanye albums. It needs a few listens before you can fully appreciate the depth. Good album.
Kanye's best album since Yeezus offers something for every Kanye fan, regardless of your favorite "era." There are clear hit songs like Jail, Hurricane, Off the Grid, and Remote Control, but less stream-friendly songs like Come to Life and Lord I Need You bring the album and theme together. Despite not saying a word about the album's release on social media or to the tens of thousands of fans who showed up for his 3 listening parties, the Donda rollout was one of the best and most memorable of his career. Kanye never left his throne, but it certainly feels like he's sitting back on it more confidently than he has in years.
Donda:West has a collection of lyrically strong bars, impressive features, some solid melodies, and a couple of great songs. (Moon, Believe What I Say, Hurricane, and Hurricane being the best) but those elements don’t comprise all 108 minutes of Donda. Instead, much of the run time is consumed by tracks that were left far too barren. Songs like “No Child Left Behind” and “God Breathed” drag on with no meaningful musical progression for what feels like an eternity. Even stronger tracks like “Jail” suffer from these shortcomings. Additionally, many of West’s pieces feel incomplete as the instrumental elements frequently leave a sense that there simply isn’t enough here to be listening to.Often one gets the sense that there’s a strong start to a song that refuses to develop and go anywhere. The painfully static quality of most of the songs on the album only emphasizes how bloated this album really is. The few moments where Kanye fills the listeners ear with a true volume of sound mark the incredible highs of this album. But they are few and far between.Kanye’s greatest hits are defined by their dynamic sound that layers on itself as the song goes on to fill the ear with a tidal wave of music. (Black Skinhead, Gold Digger, Heartless, Homecoming, POWER, Heard em Say, etc.) But unfortunately most of Donda feels like we are stuck at low tide for five minutes straight. The ones that show some musical movement clearly separate themselves from the the rest of the pack. But there’s simply not enough to go around.The new Kanye wants to focus on a more reflective message rather than filling up a club playlist with bangers, and that’s alright. But the message doesn’t have to come at the cost of making the tracks exciting and engaging. And while most of the songs have some redeeming quality to them, they still mainly feel incomplete and unpolished. West’s latest work loses points for its excessive run time, lack of polish, and a small knock for the lack of his own presence on the album (less than half of the lyrics are his own), but most unforgivably, the unyielding empty sound nearly each song holds. Donda quite literally sounds like a shell of his former self. 6/10.
An amazing album, made for the fans. Kanye is not trying to please critics here, and i like that. For me is the best album released this year, there are not many low points (what is impressive in a 27 song LP) and the high points are truly memorable and beautiful.
Not perfect but damn near close. Very few skips on the album. Personally a bigger fan of the more emotional/slower back half to the album but can easily listen all the way through.
This album is the musical version of Kanye's political rants, incoherent and without order.
Album is perfect. People voting against are swifties and/or drake stans. Actually listen and appreciate the record — don’t just rely on the interviews of others.
The fact that people are giving this album low reviews just because Kanye chose to work with Marilyn Manson, DaBaby, etc or supports Trump or whatever the hell it happens to be just shows how short-sighted people are (The independent gave it a "0" like how the hell do you give an album a 0 when nobody else has given it below a 50? that shouldn't even be an option tbh. I'm sorry, I thought this was an album review page, not a popularity contest. Having said that, This album has some absolute bangers, but too much filler. Could have been a classic 16-18 track album but it's still a step up from Jesus Is King and Ye so I'll give it a 7.5/10
Beautiful album, really shows you most critics don't know what theyre talking about.
Some of Kanyes best work in a while. A combination of JESUS IS KING and The Life of Pablo. It is an ever changing experience. Jail is easily one of Kanyes greatest intros, a rock anthem accompanied by smooth vocals from Jay Z. Off The Grid offers an evil and British Drill Rap beat switch that sees Fivio Foreign and Kanye West go head to head. While the albums singing can get repetitive by the back end of the album, it sees some of Kanyes best singing to date.
Packed full of impressive features, this feels like a grandiose return to form for Kanye. The only downsides to this album in my opinion is that it's a little bit bloated at 27 tracks and nearly 2 hours long. That being said, it feels cohesive. It lends from current trends in hip-hop as Kanye often does which keeps the whole thing feeling fresh and new despite having all the trademarks of a large-scale Kanye West project. Some personal highlights for me were Hurriance, Junya and Jail.
The album feels like it’s a version of The Life Of Pablo with a touch of gospel, the album is really great and well produced, what people are pointing out as an issue is the messy feeling of the album, but that’s the whole charm of it, this album will grow on people like other Kanye west projects did in the past, it is to me a future Classic
Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good Not that good
Donda is a great album that memorize Kanye's mother while showing that Kanye can still put great works out. The instruments are fresh, the back vocals provided by the sunday services are some of the finest pieces of religious music. An agnostic, I am still moved by the religious lyrics in songs such as 'Come to Life', 'Jesus Lord', and 'Lord I need you'.'Jail', 'Off the Grid', and 'New Again' are my top 3 songs, but man it is hard to pick.Some of the instruments at the end of songs such as 'Jail', 'Come to Life' 'No child left behind' are too long. Sure, having these long instruments in a listening event is an attempt to captivates the audience. It just doesn't work when i'm at home or driving.There are two that DO NOT FIT in this album. 'junya', 'Tell the vision'Junya is worse version of off the grid with playboy carti while Tell the Vision is a poor attempt to put Pop Smoke into the album.
one of the best kanye's album. sounds really good and it has multiple different styles that be changing through the listening with your feelings, also has some really great features.
As naturally happens with a new Kanye l album, I didn’t like this album on my first 2 listens. By my 3rd listen I fell in love with it. Critics are hating on it which means in about 4-7 years we’ll probably all be looking back on it noting how it pushed rap forward.
Donda is in my opinion a great album it’s messy but that’s what I like about it. Donda isn’t for everyone though the features shine bright but Kanye is more like filler and he should have taken a back seat for some of these songs.
I was really looking forward to this album, Kanye needs to come back to reality. I’m guessing he didn’t have a lot of faith in it also hence the push backs.
Such an incredible album that made me appreciate the life of my loved ones. Singing has got better, and the song choice is a love letter to Kanye through the ages. IKGBOT - Yeezus, Believe What I Say - Graduation. Only thing that takes away from this work of art is his choice of inclusion of Marilyn Manson - an absolute blunder of a stunt that should be condemned. But reviewing the album apart from this? An instant classic. Drake said this 44 year old man was washed up? Judging from my listens of CLB, it seems he got mixed up with himself.
Bloated has a couple songs that could be axed and it would make the album more cohesive and better. Luckily the good outweighs the bad, but its far from kanye's best
Mediocre. While listening I thought filler songs are okay but never heated any song which was on higher level. Concept of the album seems lazy.
Super long album for no real reason and the people rating it so high are liars. Let’s be honest he’s not a good artist but I still think he could’ve don’t better. I understand that it’s a tribute but this was not good at all he should’ve kept this to himself
Maybe to much church vibes sometimes but there are some bangers.Features are great and Ye really did good job with his pen.
Not just music it is an experience. It's what Jesus is King should have been.
Disgusting excuse of a Kanye album. So much wasted potential with donda. Kanye’s rapping falls short nearly everywhere except barely getting by with “off the grid”. Every beat sounded/felt the same, Kanye usually samples well however here he barely did, he stuck to the same snare pattern on the majority of the songs. I’m actually offended by the way donda turned out. With all the hype this album should’ve been able to captivate better sounds and emotions. The closest to this being parts of “hurricane” and “off the grid”. The album also lacks a cohesive them save some religion. However Kanye already did this and did it better on his “Jesus is king” album. 1/10 because it’s an absolute disaster, Kanye should probably stick to producing Travis Scott songs and others alike. He never reigned king over his ability to rap anyways. Other C tier rappers could put rap him especially with what we just saw on donda.
West continues to innovate music.The ablums and absolute roller coaster and i still dont get how he managed to input the religious perspective of it.
There are multiple reasons why Donda should be considered a modern masterpiece. First off, Kanye bears his soul completely and shares his most vulnerable side yet to the harsh public. Following My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy's footsteps, it seems that every time Kanye West faces an extremely difficult time in his life (his highly-publicized divorce after 6 years with Kim Kardashian, recent political disturbing revelations, an everlasting feud with Drake, etc.), he hides for a few months under a rock and comes out with a record to not only change the shift of rap but the music industry as a whole. This time, he's grieving the devastating death of his mother that still stings to this day after nearly a decade. Secondly, in true Kanye fashion, the rapper brings a near-perfect list of collaborators from the hypnotic Abel Tesfaye to the controversial Marilyn Manson, also with a surreal cameo of Kanye longtime friend and best man, Jay-Z. From the very first calling of Ye's mother to the last seconds of "No Child Left Behind", we can hear an astonishing variety of sounds and verses brought by many different stars. Finally, Kanye's creative mind and undeniable faith build a breathtaking world for us to explore every listen. It's therapeutic, metaphoric, and reflective. An important slept-on classic that will receive recognition years later.
27 songs and not a single hit. It sounds like an almost 2 hr long excuse made into an album
High quality is the first thing that comes to mind after listening to this album. It may seem lengthy on paper but the production and deep verses keeps the duration out of mind. Even as a non religious person this album still touched me. 9/10
I like it. What you want me to tell you. Also I tough this would never come out
Loved it.. i just think it some songs were too long, other than that production was awesome.. features awesome. Better than Jesus is King
I enjoyed this album. I like Kanye west. I enjoy most of his music. I still think the college dropout is his best album. I like that he takes a lot of chances on Donda and he doesn’t care if the audience gets it or not. I truly believe he wants the audience to understand him and get something out of his art but if they don’t he’s not losing sleep over it. He’s an artist, usually misunderstood, but never shies away from chances to express his vision. The sound is all over the place in a good way. Each track is it’s own journey but somehow they all flow together in some wandering traveler eclectic way. It’s a little long but mostly worth it. 8/10
Chaotic, haphazard, strange, dedicated, off putting, hair-raising, freeform. Nearly impossible to rate. The highs on this album are SKY high, stellar. The lows are… just wild head-scratchers, strange, sometimes awesome, most often obnoxious, fascinating, entertaining. What a mess of an album - but such a creative one. The weird, the downright stupid, the overcooked, the undercooked - it all still feels like a ride, though. Some might say mid-40s Kanye should wrap it up, but I’m not so sure. While he’s certainly well past his prime, it sure seems like he has a lot left to offer - as long as you skip the theatrics, and let go of any expectations or safe notions of his legacy. Kanye acts out when you stare at him for too long - but what he’s capable of in the studio is set in stone. Sonically entrancing, extraordinarily immature, chaotic, unstructured - not an ideal Kanye album, but a glorious Kanye compilation. 7/10
I genuinely enjoy most of the album. There some songs that rub me wrong e.g. 24 but it's also long and I appreciate from Mr West.
If Donda Chant, Tell the Vision, Jail Pt.2, Junya Pt.2, OK OK Pt.2 weren't on the album and Jesus Lord was replaced with Pt.2, I would be fine with the leftover length. Sonically a fun listen. I thought most of the features were decent despite not usually being a fan of most of them. I do believe Kanye needs to explain why it was necessary to use DaBaby, Marilyn Manson, and Chris Brown on the album. There is better ways to get attention.
This is my album of the year. I’ve been playing this nonstop since the drop. To me it’s one of his best albums in years. It’s clear he put his soul in this album for his mother. I despise Kanye’s red hat run and hate seeing him off his meds. But he clearly a genius who finds his most creative art while in a manic state. I’m pretty sure the past couple years craziness is because he was off meds to have creative energy flowing for this album. And if that’s the case, I can let him have a pass. Listen to what the man says.
Fantastic! Each song is unique and good! No skips besides intro. Album of the year?
A rock solid release from Kanye in 2021 feels like winning the musical lottery. A consistently enjoyable listen all the way through with some massive highlights in tracks like 'Jail', 'Off The Grid', 'Moon', and 'Jesus Lord', the last of which is a serious contender for one of Kanye's best tracks of all time. The features on this album are nearly flawless as well, with beautiful performances by the likes of Kid Cudi, Fivio Foreign, Jay-Z, Jay Electronica and more. Additionally, Kanye has obviously been practicing his singing in particular as what he displays on this thing is nothing less than the best vocal delivery he's ever had.
Kanye’s best album since TLOP, Kanye takes unexpected risks and deals with new subject matter making this album a definite top tier kanye LP. The features are for the most part great, and the album showcases Kanye’s talent as not only a performer, but a producer.
I really like this album. Another example of Kanye not being afraid to take risks and bringing the best out of the artist he features. He blends different genres yet still makes the album sound cohesive. Songs like jail, come to life, off the grid are unlike anything I’ve heard from him before and I love all of them. Definitely his strongest album for me since Pablo.
Incredible feature list , most of the songs are sonically pleasing overall good album , AOTY imo
not that much of fan, but i liked the album allot actually, i think its spectacular & something that you can jam to.
Album for me is very various personal, every track’s got his own style and feeling behind. As alvays Ye hits in my very own music style. However fiew of them are not as good as they were when licks went off.
There are some good tracks like "24", "Lord I Need You" or "Off The Grid" but it isn't everything that Kanye can do. I'll back to this album in the future because some tracks are highly emotional.
While not as good as some of his best, it still has several great songs on it, and only a few skips despite it’s incredibly long run time.
Needs to be finished soon as possible album is not done.Final version might be 9
it is great example of a album who gets better every listen, after hype a lot of people didn't liked this album but every next listen, its getting better you can even see after user score getting progressively better. It have hell beautiful songs (almost cried to Come to Life) which is very good because a lot of people don't understand this album despite the name that already tells this is dedicated to his dead mother Donda West and not another album about his life who have couple of bangers and that's it, people stopped thinking that hip hop or rap album can have deep and sad meaning, that's why I like the whole idea of this record, I know that there's bad mixing but I believe there is gonna be the same redux version of this album like with tlop and I don't think I will need to change my review here
Fantastic and beautiful album. Best Kanye has made in years. Only Kanye can make a clean, gospel album and it be such a success
I thought this album was great and showed the growth and maturity of a multi-generational artist. I thought the marketing was excellent and the music production was amazing. The album maybe a little too long for my taste but I enjoyed every minute of it. I appreciate that Kanye took a risk in changing his sound that is worthy for album of the year.
Good Album , greatest tracks but to long (27 song) he did remove the part2 , Tell the vision et junya and this is a great 8 but now is is a 7
A lot of beautiful moments on this project. Some songs could be trimmed down or cut, but overall a great Kanye album.
Kanye continues to push out refreshing and new sounds. This LP sounds a little messy at times, but the quality of the production and subject matter trumps it. Definitely worth a listen
Una joya por parte de kanye, innovando su estilo y haciendo lo que mejor sabe hacer, no encuentro malas canciones para este disco
DONDA is a therapeutic album that offers something for everyone. The closure and understanding for Kanye's religious journey makes the project worth several listens. The sequencing felt off in some places, similar to TLOP but thats what makes it most impressive: you still understand the direction even with the countless potential updates. Kanye still delivers with top of the world sonic production (Come to Life and No Child Left Behind), feel good music (Jonah, Pure Souls) and lyricism (Jesus Lord, Lord I Need You). Kanye serves up club bangers in Jesus mode (Hurricane, Off the Grid, Praise God) , while still giving a sermon every now and again (24). This album is a cinematic experience and a guilty pleasure all while Jesus is watching. A very ambitious project that delivers.
Obra maestra incomprendida y solo le tiran porque salió dababy y Marilyn manson en el álbum.
Such a great mixed bag that I have come to love more and more with each day passing by, waiting a whole week to put my thoughts on paper
To me, this album is like throwing some excellent ingredients for a delicious soup in a pot but then taking it off the stove before it's cooked to completion.
The album is good. I know the album won't please everyone but on it I can see and feel everything Kanye tried to go through.
27 Tracks of pure gospel garbage. Bad Beats, Bad lyrics, Bad music all round. WTF are these people who are ranking 10 on? clearly Kanye fanboys with no care for the actual music just riding his D, are you people even listening to the same album?
Donda is a great album. It has very very high highs and some forgettable lows. Songs like Off the Grid, Heaven and Hell, Jesus Lord, Jail, Hurricane, Believe What I Say, Junya, and Moon are some very strong Kanye tracks and live up to his legacy. But on the downside the album is pretty bloated. 27 tracks (23 if you don't count the Pt.2s) is way too much. Another downside to the album is the lack of Kanye. It is a very feature heavy album where only 3-4 songs are Kanye only. I wish he was just more present. The features themselves were good though. Jay-Z, Lil Baby, Kid Cudi, Don Toliver, Weeknd, and Playboi Carty are some of the best that come to mind. If the tracklist was slimmed down and Kanye had more of a presence (and if "Life of The Party" was kept in) this album would be up their with Kanye's best.
There some really good bangers and it mantains a concept in the album although at times feels like a mixtape, the more you hear it the more I like it. The feats are just great (Throne is back) and it has one of Kanyes best raps in off the grid, overall I like it. I understand some people dont like Kanye but 0? come on thats the exact message... the cancel culture just will not like or even take the time to listen to you. Really a 0 its hearing white noise.
Thank you Mr. Kanye for what you blessed us with. Donda is a very and i mean very good album if you remove the hype that came with it.Favourites :HurricaneJailMoonNo Child Left BehindHeaven and Hell
I seriously don't get all the hype, I'm usually open to most music and I love some of his work in the past, but this is just a mess with a few dusty gem stones scattered throughout the album. I don't see much new and innovative, having listened to over half the album and some of the songs people are praising. There's some great lyrics in there sure, but the sound that comes with it, just doesn't do it for me.
There are a lot of amazing tracks on this album but it is obviously too long. It needs to lose about as much weight as I do. Other than that, there are some (dare I say) classic Kanye earworms here.
Kayne it's totally overhyped with this album, it's just bad, so simples songs that are boing, is just he being selfish talking about being a "god" and people only hype about that cus it's they are all fanboys, absolutly terrible
Donda is an excellent album with a few obvious missteps such as the Pop Smoke song that I can only put down to Kanye's label releasing the album before it was finalized. Off The Grid, Hurricane, Come to Life are all amazing songs, and basically every feature here comes with something amazing. It's just sad that sony don't seem too value what was made here
O Album da vida do Kanye. Passa por todos as fases de sua vida não reafirmando apenas o artista influente e relevante que ele continua sendo mas também mostrando o lado humano, lidando com suas derrotas e reascendendo ao encontrar uma nova vida cristã. Cada musica desse album poderia estar em um album diferente de sua carreira. Donda nos mostra como Kanye aprendeu da pior forma possível a valorizar o que realmente importa e seguir em frente. Agora com sua mente no lugar, Ye nos coloca na posição de espectador das suas dores. Produção incrível e controversa trazendo sua capa completamente preta que me trouxe a sensação de como ele estava se sentindo ao compor o album. O maior artista vivo em minha opinião apenas peca em trazer as colaborações de DaBaby, Marilyn Manson e Chris Brown por isso a nota 9. Projeto coeso e completo.
Fantastico. Críticas de vergüenza por motivos políticos. Hay más de 10 canciones muy buenas.
Kannst Bad af i mean wtf did he do hahahah donda donda donda what the actual ****
As a rap fan, I have listened to a lot of rap music. As of this year, I have listened to a lot of albums from the most popular artists, and I think Donda by Kanye West is the Album of the Year. Kanye West is one of my favorite and one of the greatest rappers ever. Because of the production, features, and lyrics on the album, I think Donda is one of the best albums of this year.First of all, the lyrics contribute to Donda being one of the best albums of the year. The whole album is clean and has no curse words, which is good for people who don’t like listening to explicit music. Most of the lyrics on the song are meaningful. Some of the lyrics talk about being poor in the past and making out of the hood. The main theme of the lyrics is God. One of the lyrics on the song by Lil Yatchy is paying tribute to another rapper, Juice Wrld, who died. The album was named after Kanye West’s mother, Donda West. Kanye wouldn’t put any lyrics that aren’t meaningful on this album.Second of all, the production on the album is amazing. Kanye worked with some of the most popular and talented producers in the rap industry. Some of those producers include Mike Dean, Ronny J, Boi-1da, Digital Nas, Cubeatz, Swizz Beatz, and many more. The production on the songs give a nostalgic vibe. Some of the instruments played on the album are pianos, guitars, and drums. The production on the album helps all of the songs to fit well together.Lastly, the features also add to the album being great. Kanye featured some of the biggest artists right now like Playboi Carti, Lil Baby, Roddy Ricch, Pop Smoke, The Weeknd, Jay Z, Kid Cudi, Travis Scott, and many more. I think most of the features on the album are great. On some of the songs, I think the features did better than Kanye himself. Without the features, I think that the album would flop and not get as many streams as it has today.Because of the production, features, and lyrics on the album, I think Donda is one of the best albums of this year. You could even say that Donda is better than Drake’s new album, Certified Lover Boy. Drake’s album came out a week later than Kanye’s album, so they are kinda competing. Overall, Donda is a great album.
it’s Garbo this foo is 44 trying to stay relevant with his old ass wife too
Básico genérico repetitivo una basura que se siente reciclada muy malo debería retirarse de la música
amazing album from ye. he put so much effort into this album and let his heart out on almost every song. there were definitely high highs and low lows in this album which affects my rating a little but but for the majority of this album i enjoyed the music. not only that but it contains the hardest trap song of the year so far, Off The Grid. there were also several other amazing songs on this album but the list is so long. i dont think this is mbdtf or graduation level of greatness but still a very solid album.
This album is the culmination of Kanye's musical journey across so many different genre-bending, genre-defining sonics over the last two decades. Hip-hop, gospel, trap, soul, funk, etc. etc. A range from college dropout Kanye right through to Yeezus Kanye, sprinkled with Jesus is King Kanye throughout the record. Lengthwise, yes, it is long, but critics and fans seem to complain either way.Donda started off as an ok record but after the millionth listen, its become a firm no. 2 behind MBDTF. Our boy did it again.Nobody is doing what Kanye is doing creatively, with three packed out listening parties which allowed fans into the creative process of a genius - as manic and annoying as it was beautiful and spell-binding.
overrally a good & not exceptional project from Kanye. the production & sound as expected of Kanye stands out in this album. of course there are highlights from the body of work but however too many features & the number of tracks make the album sound a bit saturated & lack of a certain direction altogether.
Although some songs feel unfinished, Kanye brings a lot of great tracks (some among his best ever like Jesus Lord, Moon and Off The Grid.) The themes are really well introduced. Kanye also brings a lot of featured artists to this project, which in my opinion is great. I don't think the pt2s are part of the album so with 23 tracks there is close to no boring moments. With a little bit of tuning, this album could be a 9. Top 2 hip hop album this year behind Smiling With No Teeth. And by the way, the people who are saying this album is a 0 because kanye brought Mason, Dababy and Chris Brown to the album are delusional, who are you trying to impress?
This is a Masterpiece. This is quite possibly the best Kanye album yet. No, it is not unfinished. No, it is not too long. No, Marilyn Manson has nothing to do with how good the music is. The pt 2's are bonus tracks; choose your own adventure. The album ends with No Child Left Behind. If you give this a bad review, it's not because of the music. And if you gave this a bad review, you probably shouldn't be writing reviews in the first place.P.S. It's nice to see Kanye in a good place.
The album is like shuving burning hot nails in your ears, the best song on there is probably jail. If you like this album your a kanye Stan, it's overrated as hell I like montero better
Why this album it's 53..? Dude, it's a literal masterpiece, including such amazings and sentimental tracks from Ye..
After a relisten, I do need to praise this album on so many aspects. The vibe of the album had me floating at every turn. It's a beautiful and transcendent experience. The mixing, as usual, is perfect. Lyrics are meaningful, which especially apparent in Come to Life. Is it a great album? **** no, but it is a good album that improves upon Jesus is King in every single aspect. Is it the experimental opus it was hyped up to be? Nope, that still goes to Life of Pablo. Maybe Donda 2: Electric Boogaloo will be better.
its been almost a month since its release, but i still listen to this album everyday from track 1 to track 27. donda is a beautiful heaven-like album, that was made by one of the most influenctial, if not the most influencial artists of this century. the 0 reviews here are mostly from people that didnt listen to this work. i mean, kanye is controversial person, but his personality is not the reason to hate this album. after a lot of donda scrobbles, i can say that this album is his top 5 album, even though his discography is almost impossible to rank. the only bad thing about this album might be a few mid tracks, but thats it. 9-9.5/10
Te amo ye .
Great Album not his best but it's definitely a good one to remember. He has some great songs in it such as Hurricane, off the grid, praise God and many more. Sure there are some songs that don't hit like tell the vision but mostly great songs. Kanye is a damn musical genius.
Faixas como Junya, Ok Ok, Jonah e Believe What I Say mostram que Kanye permanece com sua essência, mesmo mostrando algo um pouco fora do seu “normal”. Não são músicas grandiosas, mas ainda é Kanye. New Again, Pure Souls, No Child Left Behind e Heaven and Hell são fortes músicas e nos traz visões mais cruas do Kanye sobre ele mesmo e sua relação com Deus.
This is a difficult case. The first half of the album is a straight 9/10. Off the Grid, Jail, Hurricane and Moon are fantastic songs. Praise god and 24 have a different vibe to them, but it works. Then comes the second half, which has some flops, like Tell the vision and all of the pt. 2 tracks except Jail pt. 2. If he had cut some songs, I would have liked it more. Still very solid and better than Jesus is King in my opinion.
I'd say this is Kanye back on track, Donda is sharp, although this album feels like a roller coaster, with ups and downs, and a confusing tracklist, it also feels like if TLOP and Jesus is King had a baby, Ye's presence is there, is brilliant, and you can feel it. Donda is long, probably longer than it should, i hate that Ye couldn't decide between the same songs with different features, but we all know how Kanye is, and I'm here for it. Kanye will never not be influential.
Melhor álbum da história da galáxia, quem discorda não tá vivendo direito.
This is a little harder of an album to rank because of the standard that we hold Kanye to. I want to be completely objective as possible and not pin this against any of his other works when deciding the score, so I'm giving it a 7.I think what most disappointed me about this album is how easy it would have been to make it better. 27 tracks is an incredibly bloated album by any standard of a rap album. Maybe cutting a handful of tracks off of the album would have given it a more polished feel. I see the direction he was trying to go in, but it's a little harder to recognize it when the track list feels a little all over the place.Moving away from the criticism, I still think Kanye delivers like always. Without looking for depth, this is an incredibly catchy album. Songs like Off the Grid and Junya will have you reaching to turn on the speaker, while the other songs are a little slower but beautiful in their chord progression and overall message like Jesus Lord and Moon.The best way I can describe this album is having high highs that are almost equally matched by bloated mediocrity at times. I expected a lot more from an album that Kanye dedicated to his late mother, but maybe this is an unfair criticism. Either way, it was a good album by rap standards. Well below average by Kanye standards.
Album Of The Year.Top 3:-Come To Life-Off The Grid-Believe What i Say
While this album has some good and even great tracks, West made it way too bloated to keep my attention through out the record. Tracks like Off the Grid, Jesus Lord, Moon, Jail, Praise God is what I wish Jesus is King was like. But tracks like Tell the Vision and all the Part 2's just seem like a waste of time. I enjoyed it but I'm not gonna sit down and this 2+ Hour album likely ever again
Don’t beg for reviews on Reddit just because you suck. Album is **** you are a joke, your haircut sucks and so does your style.
This album is great and is mostly consistent track by track. Donda Chant is just "Donda" being repeated but it does have a nice meaning. Jail is a solid way to start the album with a very catchy chorus along with an unexpected and solid Jay-Z feature. God Breathed is a song I absolutely love. The build up to a huge beat drop with Kanye constantly saying "I know God Breathed on this" and then it goes to a completely different direction. Honestly, the beat not dropping is what made the track much better. Off The Grid is pure fire. The Carti feature was decent but Fivio is the one that stands out. The switch up to the drill beat was smooth and hearing Kanye on a drill beat was great. Hurricane was also great with The Weeknd murdering the track, and a decent Lil Baby feature. Praise God was also pretty good as well. Travis, Kanye, and Donda trading bars just gives me goosebumps. As for Baby Keem, his rapping was good but the baby voice is atrocious. Jonah was not a bad track either. Durk and Vory were fine on the track and the storytelling was good. Ok Ok surprisingly had a good Lil Yachty feature, along with Kanye throwing obvious shots at Drake. Fivio was meh on this track compared to Off The Grid. Overall the track was decent. Junya simply undelivered. Kanye was just meh and Carti was just passable. Believe What I Say was a real highlight here. The hook was great and we need Kanye to make more songs like this. 24 was another beautiful song that gave me goosebumps. Remote Control was meh. The hook is what saves this song. Moon was a beautiful song with a great hook from Don Toliver, and a beautiful verse from Cudi. Heaven and Hell was alright. Nothing too special but not bad. Donda is pretty much just an interlude with a speech from Donda. Keep My Spirit Alive was a great song with Griselda making a good appearance. Jesus Lord is another fantastic track with Kanye and Jay Electronica killing it. Very personal and sincere verses with another beautiful hook. New Again is pretty solid and it does have Chris Brown (-_-) but the track itself is good. I don't even need to explain why Tell The Vision is trash do I? Lord I Need You is a good track which is obviously about Kim Kardashian. The song itself sounds solid but the lyrical content is pretty good (other than the Taco Bell and KFC line, lol.) Pure Souls has a good verse and hook from Roddy Ricch, and and Shenseea kills it with the beautiful outro. My one issue is that Kanye is absolutely nothing here compared to these two. Kanye's part seemed too rushed with him constantly repeating his lines. Come To Life is the best song I've honestly heard in 2021. Wow, how beautiful. Super emotional along with the piano which just works. No Child Left Behind is a good way to close the album out. Another beautiful and enjoyable song. The part 2's are not needed, especially Jail part 2. Junya part 2 is better than the original and the other 2 are just alright.Final thoughts: A super creative and great album. A major step up from Jesus Is King, and the gospel sounds here are also a major step up. Noticeable filler, but a great album regardless. I recommend this to Kanye fans. It's definitely worth a listen.Favourite tracks: Jail, God Breathed, Off The Grid, Hurricane, Praise God, Jonah, Ok Ok, Believe What i Say, 24, Moon, Keep My Spirit Alive, Jesus Lord, New Again, Lord I Need You, Pure Souls, Come To Life, No Child Left BehindLeast Favourites: Junya, Remote Control, Tell The Vision
Kanye west is a musical genius, the greatest composer of all time. This album was a masterpiece front to back and anyone that disagrees loves heart disease and hates old people(Rip Donda)
Foda! Pra caralho kanye vc é incrível quem votou menos que 10 é burro!!!!!!
This albums definitely has its moments of being one of the greatest albums of all time, but this thing is so bloated. There are so many songs on this and it is so long. Normally to really get the feel for an album, I'd listen to it once or twice, but this not only took me multiple sessions to listen through once, but it did as well for my friends. If I was only analyzing the best tracks, this would probably be a 9 or a 10, but instead I have to analyze every single song. DO NOT GET ME WRONG, THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM. I RECCOMEND IT. Maybe just find a playlist of the best songs though.Favorite Songs: I can't even rememberLeast Favorite Songs: Can't remember
Though I'd call the album 'mid' for Kanye's standards but it very much does have some songs which you could consider to be career highlights.
Including the deluxe this album is legitimately a masterpiece. Most songs are near perfect, save for a couple here and there, which is why I gave it a 9. It incorporates all sorts of different hip hop genres from trap to drill, melodic and gospel. The production is extremely contemporary and unique and there are some insane vocals and lyrics throughout the track. 9/10.
Kinda like going to church but do it an album... okayyy. god bless america,
No creo que Donde de Kanye West sea un mal album,tampoco es de los mejores,pero me gusta el estilo y la historia del album.
A great album, with great lyrics and great instrumentals, ahead of its time, with a very special theme for the author
I liked the rollout, but i felt like the album was too long and filled with songs that could've been taken off. But I loved it, it sounds like a combination of his past albums rolled up into one.
I understand it's art and all, but honestly the album itself was kind of boring to me
it's very cinematic, even 15 minutes in it still feels like an intro to this album. Features are amazing, maybe even too good sometimes they just steal the show but Kanye is still the clear "director" and presented in every song. The quality is incredible songs like off the grid couldn't get more clean. But there is a big amount of filler, and it feels a bit empty sometimes.
Solid 9/10 all the hate is not justified. If this was made by anyone else than kanye you would all praise it.
Donda is not just an album, it is an experience. As someone who recently lost someone, it is an art piece I can totally relate to. I understand what Kanye has been through with his late mother's death and I like how he relieves his and my pains by talking about it.The storytelling on the album is great, even though there are some tracks I don't like at all the album is overall great. It is not as great as Dark Fantasy or TLOP but Kanye didn't surprise me with this.
DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA DONDA Dondaaaa
Its a good album but its not complete. And in my opinion Kanye have other better albums
The max I can give is a 6. It has some good songs like "Hurricane" (best track) and "Moon", but overall lacks personality and the Kanye West that we are used to.
Severely over hated.When I first listened to Donda I thought of it as a 4/10 album, but it grew on me so much, there are many gorgeous tracks (24, hurricane, come to life, pure souls, Keep my spirit alive, Moon, Believe What I say, Jonah, Jail) along with some hard bangers (Off the Grid, Jail, Heaven and Hell, New Again, God Breathed). This album makes me feel things man, and Come To Life is one of the most emotional Ye songs there is out there.Some songs could have been left out, Tell The Vision and Remote control are some of the worst Ye tracks hes ever released imo. The pt2 bonus tracks don't really bring much to the table but they shouldn't be considered part of the standard tracklist. I also wished we got a bit more focus on Ye in some tracks, mainly in the second half his presence on some tracks is pretty minimal, giving most time to the featured artists. Since this is a tribute to Donda I would have expected less features, but Donda is absolutely filled to the brim with guests. This is a small issue however since the guests do bring in quality musicOverall a great album with many highs and a few lows.
great album, the only reason it has a bad rating is because of all the drake fans who love kissing boys
Este álbum es un desastre, sobran algunas canciones y es bastante largo.Sin embargo, si le doy una nota de 8 es por todo el resto del álbum. Un álbum que habla y va dedicado a su madre. Emocionalmente este álbum es precioso. Es una pena que se le tire odio hacía este álbum debido a algunos artistas y debido a Kanye, pese a que el haya cambiado estos últimos años.
Amazing album with heavy feature list. Has only gotten better with more listens.
kanye threads the thin line of no profanity in rap, execution was emeculate and had a tad bit flaws but it's depiction of a mother being the dedication is what leads to it's predictable lack luster still he the goat
A 108 minute roller coaster ride with a chaotic mix of good hip hop beats, gospel choirs and church organs. Kanye processes a lot and opens up like never before. Traded as album of the year before its release, "Donda" is almost forgettable after 5 months of listening.The bottom line is that Kanye's tenth album has its highlights, but only a few of the 27 songs really convinced me. And even the impressive feature guest list doesn't lead to a better rating than 6 out of 10.My favorites:"Off the Grid""Hurricane""Jail""Jonah""Moon"~ FürstenbergJanuary 20, 2022
People dog on this album way too much. There are a variety of songs and while it takes a gospel like approach it is very scuttle and doesn’t interrupt the music flow. Album is sequenced beautifully. Top songs include everything but Donda Chant and tell the vision. Part 2s are mid but rest of the album is a masterpiece
goodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgood
genial.genial.genial.genial.genial.genial.genial.genial.genial.genial.genial.genial.
Es malísimo no hay por donde cogerlo . Producción y letras pésimas . Escucharlo es una pérdida de tiempo
still waiting for kanye to make an actual rap album againbest song: praise godworst song: tell the vision
meh .
Donda is an insanely good output of consistent and awe inspiring music created from a man who has had some missteps in his recent production. The 27 tracks and more have proven to be an unrelenting force of gospel, psychedlic, trap and drill music bound in a historically long and marathon like slog which actually feels shorter than it really is.Donda is poetic and it feels like the magnum opus of a man who's had an up and down career path. There's flight and trajectory in songs like Moon, Off The Grid, Praise God, Jail, Come To Life, Junya, God Breathed and 24 where levitation and gravitation toward the Higher Self and Higher God comes to full fruition. It is a spiritual discovery and the climax of a man who is still searching for Jesus or God or anything that he comes close to.I believe Donda is an album that will age like fine wine, its sounds being so futuristic and minimal, the hollow sounds and landscape of solar like territory does well in a radio scene of repetitive hype rap or dull hooks. This is more than refreshing, it's an album of power and a stance against devilish material and also a moralistic choice to create art which stands in faith and strength despite public judgment. I come to full admiration for an artist who is able to create songs which compel light in times of personal struggle and his divorce comes to full investigation here as songs also reflect his recovering mental health.I hope Kanye improves on his editing and makes his album more tight to create a personal experience. It is outlandish and sometimes does feel too long with the part 2's. However this still earns a 10/10 because the highs do hit high. Moon is his best record in 5 years and Off The Grid is his entry into drill which Kanye has him rapping for his life like he's off his laziness. It is his best record since My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and critics have failed to realise the depth and spiritual recovery uncovered in this jewel. It is healthy Kanye, a sane Kanye and a Kanye seeking repentance and change, if they can't accept that then it means they're just bitter against an antagonistic image of Kanye portrayed by media.You must be able to separate art from the artist and Donda has sounds which will prove in five years to be like the Christian Yeezus, wait and see. Incredible stuff, solid sounds and a incredible list of young features hungry, energizing a focused Kanye to become the soldier he once was. Prayers up for sure, Donda is a gem.
Rollout was cool albums fine but to many songs. Some good songs like hurricane, come to life, moon. Others are kinda forgettable and boring. But at least it’s not Jesus is king
This is some of the most interesting music I've listened to in years. Kanye pulls off some of his most intriguing work yet on this LP. Despite some filler tracks here and there, this is a great album, and I truly think this could have been a 10 out of 10 if he removed 4-6 songs on this album. Some of the songs on here almost made me a christian, and I'm pretty sure I had a conversation with God while listening to No Child Left Behind. Come To Life pretty much CHANGED my life, and Jesus Lord made me cry. Amazing album.My favorite songs are Jail, Off The Grid, Hurricane, Praise God, Jonah, Ok Ok, 24, Moon, Heaven and Hell, Keep My Spirit Alive, Jesus Lord, New Again, Lord I Need You, Pure Souls, Come to Life and No Child Left Behind.
In my opinion, it's underappreciated. Kanye spreads his wings and combines a million sounds in a way that doesn't feel messy or unfocused most of the time. A brilliant line up of features and solid Kanye performances, I think it's his best solo project since Yeezus.
This is probably Kanye's bets album since TLOP (excluding KIDS SEE GHOSTS).Besides the fact that this album is a huge mess, I really enjoyed it. There are a lot of great tracks. It's a perfect mix between gospel music and rap music.
One of my favourite Kanye album, all the songs are amazing INCLUDING DONDA CHANT THANK YOU.
i got very excited for this one. this disappointed me greatly. i still think it is good but heavily flawed. only a few songs are memorable in this 27 track project. that is a problem. despite that the production is top tier.Favourite songs- jail, off the grid, hurricane, moon
In my opinion, Donda is one of Ye's best projects. Maybe the album is a little bit long and he could have put the names of the artists featured in the songs, but the energy poured in it is outstanding. The production and samples are impeccable, something very caracteristic of Kanye, as well as the deep and meaningful lyrics. I also love how honest he is when creating whole concepts for his artworks. This is how you make an album.
Good album. Similar to TLOP in the mixture of Kanye’s spiritual religious message and certified bangers. I would recommend listening without the “part 2” songs though just to cut down the 2 hour listening time to a more reasonable 1:20. My pick for 2021 Album of the Year. Lots of casual fans and drake fans are gonna say this album is bad but any real Kanye fan tells you it’s right up there with the rest of his music.
One Of the most artistics rollouts i ever seen in my whole life,one of the bests or the best kanye album
The album is a mess, but the creative highs he reaches on Donda is the best I've seen from him since MBDTF. Hurricane, Off the Grid, Come to Life, easily are some of the best tracks Kanye has ever contributed to.
:trollface:In all honesty this album’s pretty good for what it is, albeit like 50 minutes too long.
This is a great album. Been listening consistently for almost a year now. Still sounds fresh. Don’t get the hate
Even if it doesn't compare to any of Ye's supreme albums (such as TLOP, Yeezus, 808s, and MBDTF), Donda is still a good album. Some people are upset because there's too much filler, but I, personally, enjoy every song on this record.
Chica aprende a cantar y deja de dar pena con la Kim Kardashian que ya cansas, mejora tus letras de paso que me dan cringe. Nadie sabe como te han nominado a un grammy de album of the year por esta bazofia. Que pereza me das
it is good and aged really well...................................................................................................................................
Anouther masterpiece from kanye west with no skips this is very underrated and is defnuated a 10/10 album
Actually 68/100 and 8.0/10 (based on fourteen user reviews). Oh god. Does Trippie even remember how being sober is like ?Horrible presentation. Terrible vocal performance. Horrendous tone. Disruptive and unconscious lyrics. Uninspired and highly similar instrumentals. Unoriginal themes addressed. Obvious fake self. Numerous tasteless featurings in order to hide Trippie's lack of talent and inspiration (how did Drake ended up there by the way ?). Using posthumous verses to reap some glory and streams where he would be unable to find any on his own. Unidimensional and monotonous flows throughout the whole record. Seems only intended to please and break immature children brains. You could only enjoy this album by switching your brain off or by multitasking. No diversity at all. Awful video clips quality and content. You guys seriously get paid to listen to this or what ?
A very solid effort from Trippie especially after his last few albums. Just hope he can keep it up because he has lots of potential as an artist and this album proves it. Best songs are Molly Hearts, Holy Smokes, Miss The Rage, Supernatural, Matt Hardy and Rich MF.
It's an okay album. There is a lot of good songs, but some of them are just boring. The best song on the album is Rich MF. Pretty good features.
Trippie Redd has had a very complex, but difficult discography. This album is different and probably his best work since his 2018 debut "Life's a Trip". Could be even better than the debut. This album has a massive amount of production involved, with some of the best and most unexpected features of his career. The album is also great with sticking to it's theme. Songs like Miss The Rage, Supercell, Holy Smokes and Matt Hardy bring back the soundcloud sound in a very hyper and energetic feel, while songs like Betrayal, Captain Crunch and Rich MF adapt to the newer sound. Regardless, This is without a doubt one of his most prolific albums to date.
Trip at knight is one of trippies best albums. Personally I think this is trippies 3rd - 2nd best album. trippie absolutely kills it with his track supernatural it definitely deserves much more attention then it has.
Trip At Knight is an all around above decent project, but there are still some flaws. One of which is the lack of diversity in the beat selection every song. All of the songs included all use "Rage" beats, which is disappointing giving Trippie Redd's diversity in all of his other songs. All though there is not much diversity, all of the songs are still good, and the features are very well selected. Overall a above decent project
annoying af and repetitive. super cell **** sucks on a whole nother level. only a 2/10 because molly hearts slaps, but it does not justify the rest of the albumbest song: molly heartsworst song: super cell
Another classic. Nas is the greatest rapper ever and the catilgoue ls the proof. Jayz is second but Nas #1. Amazing album
This album proves Nas is his most comfortable since illmatic. Hit Boy refreshing beats with beat breaks are exactly what Nas needs to stay in his pocket. The concept and lyrics on this album are needed most especially for the times we are in today. Nas proved he is in his second prime and more energized than ever. This is definitely a. Instant classic and one of the best Nas albums in years. Masterpiece!!!!
Great album! Rapping is superb. Production on point. Superb new entry to the legend's catalogue.
"They thought I'll make another Illmatic. But it's always forward I moving never backward stupid here's another classic" #KingsDisease2
Masterpiece, in my personal opnion his best album since illmatic, The Goat.
The King Reigns!!! This album is flawless. I keep debating myself on which songs are my favorites. It's the whole album, really.
Hit Boy delivers more stellar production and Nas’s pen remains sharp. Standout tracks: Death Row East, Store Run, Rare, Moments, Composure & Nas is Good.
Dope
What a great album and right on time. From start to finish, Nas and HitBoy don’t miss
Album of the year. Great production. Great writing. Great feature selection. If you have been along with Nas for the ride you will love this album.
Ridiculously good album.Stellar production & top level rhymes all around. Nas really turned back the time with this one,
Even better than its predecessor. Nas shines on different types of beats, keeping his pen game sharp and relatable. He continues to define what a true MC should be, never pandering to the public but staying true to himself.
King’s Disease 2 is a very good album, featuring solid production by Hit-Boy and excellent writing by Nas. Lauryn Hill produces arguably the best featured verse on the album, while A boogie wit da hoodie’s verse on YKTV leaves much to be desired. This album is definitely a strong rap album of the year contender. 1. The Pressure - 82. Death Row East - 93. 40 Side - 94. EPMD (feat. Eminem, EPMD) - 95. Rare - 106. YKTV (ft. A Boogie Wit da Hoodie, YG) - 7.57. Store Run - 8.58. Moments - 99. Nobody (feat. Lauryn Hill) - 9.510. No Phony Love (feat. Charlie Wilson) - 8.511. Brunch on Sundays (feat. Blxst) - 8.512. Count Me In - 913. Composure (feat. Hit-Boy) - 914. My Bible - 8.515. Nas is Good - 9
Nas and Hitboy blessed us again album another classic with the best features hip hop needed this Miss Hill and Em Salute to Legends
This album is absolutely fire it is a perfect sequel to the first one must listen for this year
This album is perfect to me. I liked the first album a lot and I like this one even better! Musically, vocally, story telling, flows, everything is on point. And of course let's not forget the incredible Hit-boy production. The chemistry between them is next level. I like the soul/jazzy hip hop vibes with a modern taste. Nas managed to sound innovative and up-dated without losing his own sound.There is a good balance of nostalgia and new sound. He has a good mixture of features with the likes of EPMD, Lauryn Hill, and blends perfect with the newer generation A Boogie wit da Hoodie & YG.This is really a masterpiece by Nas and to me it will go down as one of his best records.
Incredible Album!!!! NaS remains the King of his craft!! Production is amazing along with the lyrical creativeness. King Disease II is an instant CLASSIC.
This is what his first three albums would sound like if they were made in today's era - so so so good
This album is outstanding start to finish. Perfect 10 out of 10 no question. This is definitely album of the year.
Instant classic
The self claim "God Son". Nasir { NAS) Jones, Ladies and Gentlemen is in a lyrical zone. Nas from the setting the tone from Intro track " The Pressure" to "Nas is Good". Combine with production from Hit=Boy, these 2 have made it clear that they are the new tandem to pay attention to.King's Disease II is 51 Minutes of Classic material in Nas Discography. Chemistry between these two are clearly meshed. Album's energy flows so smooth. Lyrics and Music will have you glad to be a hip hop lover. Dope
This album is among his best(Illmatic, It Was Written, Stillmatic, Lost Tapes, Distant Relatives, Kings Disease 1). Not many complaints.
Way better then the first one. Features where pretty good but i think it did better without a boogie still not bad. Lauryn was **** awsome she still got it. Overall great album maybe it will grow to a 10 tbh.
This album is a masterpiece! Nas is ageing like fine wine, he keeps getting better at his craft. To think he still remains one of the best, if not the best after 30 years in the game is phenomenal!
Album sees a side of Nas we’ve been waiting for. Blessing us with a smooth listen from front to back without any skips The way Hitboy and Nas have been consistently dropping gems
They did it again. This is what greatness sounds like. Favorite songs are Store Run, Death Row East, 40 Side, Rare. Lauryn had the best feature.
This is what Hip Hop should sound like in 2021. Grown man bars that still sound current
Such a complete body of work. Music is subjective, so for me there are songs that i like more than others, but no bad songs. Amazin...Flames #KD2
He’s reached the peak of his art and the delivery on this album is impeccable s/o Hit Boy too
Highly impressive album. Nas is at the point, breaching uncharted territories. So is Hit-boy in his own way. Greatest Hip Hop sequel in Hip Hop to date.
Truly a fatless effort where not an ounce of effort is wasted. Nas is only upstaged and matched by partner in crime Hit-Boy (and maybe Lauryn Hill), and that is no slight in the least. Also, there is no sad sage on this album, but with track after track, Nas is using like platform as an affirmation to his listeners. "Death to the pessimistic mindstate"
Kings Disease 2 has not only surpassed their first project, but it might be Nas’ best album, ever!!! The tone Nas and Hit-Boy set in the first half of the album was perfect. Filled with thought provoking bars, match made in heaven productions and beautiful energy throughout. And the last half, WOW!!! Lyrics, flow, content, production, sequencing and features were all 10/10.
The king of hiphop does it again running laps in this era just like he did in the 90’s.
Great album. Every track on the album is listenable. Nas has evolved very well with a career stretching 3 decades.The first song introduces you to the with soulful jazzy instrumentals to provide something for you to vibe to. He comes soon later with his amazing storytelling on death row east explaining his relationship with pac and addressing rumors around his interactions with pac.A few of the key tracks for me was my bible,Epmd2,Nas is Good,Nobody,and Rare.The album is great and Is among Nas's best work to date
I know we're still in the middle of the COVID pandemic but King Disease 2 is the variant that's about to shake up the world - well the music industry at least. Every lyric and flow Nas speaks is a reminder why he is a King of Hip-Hop. This album put's the icing on the cake for his credibility in Hip-Hop. AOTY contender easily!
Nas and Hitboy managed to deliver a better sequel to the original King’s Disease, which is pretty much unheard of in Hip-Hop. For the first time in a long time Nas sounds comfortable and confident and inspired enough to make listeners feel like this is a new chapter to a whole new phase in his career.
One of the best new album out. Death row east... crazyI love also rare and 40 side by far one of the best project out this year
Amazing body of work. Definitely a step up from KD1. Nas is officially in his second prime of his career. Hopefully we get three next summer!
Nas just showed us why he's the best lyricist of all time. He has had his up and downs and still he has been active for 3 decades. Peace up to GODSON.
Hands down One of the greatest Albums of All Time in HipHop and any Genre…. Production is flawless, Lyrics Are Outstanding, Sequence is perfect and appearances all make sense with everyone giving their best efforts from Eminem to Lauryn Hill. Kings Disease seems to be becoming a great catalogue in itself because the first one was Perfect and this second one takes it up another notch. Lets hope that there is a Kings Disease 3 in 2022 to end it as a trilogy. Overall Kings Disease and Kings Disease 2 are the best albums to have been created in this millineum alone.
This album is a masterpiece!! From lyrics, to production, concepts and vivid Wordplay poetry! Kings Disease II delivers on every aspect!! As a Hip Hop and Nas fan I always believed "It was written" was Nas 2nd best album after "iLLmatic" but no I now have to say its Kings Disease II. HitBoy did and amazing job with production as well!!! 10 Stars!! One of the Albums of the Year for sure!!
This might be Nas best conceptual and we'll complete album in his music career. Him and hitboy energy and chemistry were very in tune with each other.
I thought the first King's Disease was good and when I saw a Vol.2, I assumed it would be b-sides or an afterthought. Much to my chagrin, this albums slaps. King's Disease on steriods.
With this release Nas has position himself as the GOAT. No otherhip hop artist has released and album this great this far in their career.
I thought it may be too soon for another Nas album but damn this was needed! Solid back to front great mixture of styles and great beats from Hitboy
Nas with amazing lyricism as always. Quality beats from Hit-Boy and production is top notch. The whole album is well constructed and the features is quality as well. The project give u that nostalgic Nas feelin. 10/10
AMAZING ALBUM!!!! Nas has found his groove with Hit Boy on his best project in a generation. Front to back there are 0 skippable songs. Borderline instant classic.
Definitely a Masterpiece, Nas keeps showing us why he’s The True GOAT
How insane at 47 Nas makes a album that cracks into his top 5 body's of work. What an incredible album start to finish. YkTV is the only joint I can do without but it's another classic from the Goat.
A modern masterpiece, an absolute masterclass in delivering elite level hip hop for a sophisticated and discerning listener. This is a source awards in its prime era
Trash album. Overhyped garbage. Abysmal. Time for Nas to retire. Back to back trash.
‘King’s Disease II’‘ finds Nas where he has always been – comfortable in himself and at ease with confronting his past. As he puts it: “Face to face with my omens, I never ran.”
ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Gostei só de uma música, não é bom como eu esperava, pela nota que deram pensei que seria bom
Anybody that believes that Nas’ last two records resemble anything like the greatest double in rap history should not be a published music journalist. They are either too young, uneducated or lacking in judgement to be credible.
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
Finally Nas brings hip-hop back to life in 2021!! Nobody, the song stands out as a classic alone with all the rest of his tracks . This is his 3rd of his top 3 albums ever, behind Life Is Good and the masterpiece Illmatic !!!! 10/10 , you won’t be disappointed!!
Very very mid album from Nasir. Barely just okay. Very boring. He needs to switch up his whole style.
This is hands down Nas' best album since The Lost Tapes. It goes Illmatic>The Lost Tapes>KD2. You can tell by listening that he really enjoyed making this album and he even experimented with his flow on a few tracks. The beats are also good from start to finish. Oh and almost forgot Ms. Hill rhyming was quite a surprise.
Post-Life is Good, it’s the album we been waiting to hear from Nas. Nostalgic and fresh. The record isn’t overly complicated with an overtop production or a rapper trying to stay in a foot race with the times. It’s Nas just using the formula that made Illmatic a revered record: smooth production that nicely compliments the emcee’s lyrical prowess. This is the key to any rap record, especially from artists like Nasty who can hold up their end of the bargain, lyrically speaking. Not perfect, not Illmatic, but still a masterclass.
This is probably the best album of this decade so far. It is filled with great tracks and Nas's flow is the best that we've seen in years. He killed every single track on this album. King Disease (2020) was a little teaser for this album. Hit-Boy did a great job with the overall production of this album. It sounds like a combination of the old-school early 2000s Nas mixed with newer school beats. This album might put Nas' discography over most rappers. It's such a strong, lyrical, and exciting album to listen to. There is definitely so much reply value for this album. Overall this is a high a decent 8.
This is the best Nas since It was Written. Production on this album is Magnificent
Possibly Nas' best work since It Was Written. An album that is as much of a time capsule of the classic era of hip hop, as it is a modern update to his sound.
This is a great follow to last year's brilliant king's disease, nas should get another grammy for this one, the songs are brilliant, the writing is crisp and the production is truly steller, every single song was so great and wonderful, this is a wonderful follow up and great album, one of the year's best albums.
Nas has returned to share the throne with JayEsco hov & black thought just keep getting better with age, album is great my kid in high school likes it and never really been a Nas fan.
It's a great album. All songs are good.Best songs: Death Row East, NobodyWorst songs: -
Great album. Superb lyrics ,good production. His music is Aging gracefully, Not the mumbling **** like most Rap/hiphop is today. His music Should be celebrated property. This guy is from the golden age of hip-hop and still raps better than 99% of all the rappers.
28 summers of greatness. This album makes King's Disease 1 feel far inferior... Salute to the GOAT
Although I did like the trap-ish sound Nas brought to the table with the first King's Disease, he didn't look as inspired as he is on the second album. 25+ years in the game and Nas doesn't seem to miss.
Nas almost 50 years old coming back this year harder , stronger and more focused, hit boy's production on point everything about this album is perfect King's disease 2 AOTY!!!!
Classic album from Nas! 28 summers in the game and still dropping classic music
Nas shows again that indeed lightning does strike at the same spot twice. Herein he gives you illmatic techniques and stillmatic combined yet with a new invention of himself, rather the old Nas with the touch of Hitboy. And and Hitboy are Drake and Noah, they hell so well. Whatever they do turns out to be the finest gold. In this offering Nas proves that he sti has that it was written charisma and tact.
No Skips needed , Smooth Classic , And On point with what’s going on today along with dope versatility this is one of my favorites fasho .
An absolute masterpiece! I can’t stop listening to this album, I don't have one favorite because they're all my favorites. The mastery is effortless, the vivid storylines are woven into this beautiful picture and once you close your eyes, jumps to life. Nas is the Goat!
Best album from a hip hop artist I’ve heard since Kendrick DAMN album. Appreciate the greatness while he is still here you never know when he will hang it up.
Anyone who gives album negative a review shouldn't be giving reviews. This album is gold.
Nas is the GOAT, and this only becomes more clear when he’s working with Hit Boy.
Prob one of the best rap albums for the last 25 years. And try not to be fool with the metacritic review as a company like pitchfork media is biased to award this album a lowball 61% when it’s undeniable rewarding it’s music based on a single critics agendas. The overwhelming critical analysis of the music on the album makes it a modern day classic to the point people question Jay Z’s music on comparison… something pitchfork media’s is being paid to downplay in some manner.
Pitchfork should fire whoever wrote that biased review or take it down and hire someone who actually listened to the album more than once. This is a top 5 Nas album and probably best album by any rapper over the age of 40 ever! For me two skippable tracks, No phony love and brunch on Sunday, which both aren’t bad, just not up to par with rest of this album. Hitboy’s production is stellar as he really has put Nas in this comfortable pocket where he is spitting bars more confidently than he has in a long time. Standout tracks: death row East, rare, store run, nobody (that Lauren hill verse wow), count me in, composure, my bible. Great album!
First Listen. 2 skips. Maybe. 2nd -20th listen, no skips. It’s a minor classic.
King's disease 2 is a masterpiece. An album that got me playing tracks from beginning to end once again which I haven't done in the past 10 years. Give Nas his crown please.
Nas best project since life is Good beautiful chemistry between him and Hit-boy
Classic album with no skips from the production to the features nas shows us that he still has it and is able to make music with a message that you can bump in your car! Even better than the first kings disease
❤️❤️❤️ King’s Disease 2 gives me life!!Every song is my jam. The vibe is sexy, nostalgic, and fresh. I listen to this masterpiece everyday while diving to work, driving back home, and when chilling at home. Nasir, thank you for sharing your gifts with the world.
Instantly a classic. This album just goes to show that he still got it. Dope like the old days.
A banger from beginning to end, skipping no songs while getting the medicine and the candy. Hitboy really came through with this album snd is an awesome producer who helps to bring out Nas greatness
I didnt believe Nas at this point could deliver a piece like this.Im glad i was wrong
I just wish he would have waited longer to release this. I wasn't totally in the mood for a sequel already but it is a great album.
What can I say about this album that hasn’t been said? Production: great, lyrics: amazing, flows: smooth, concepts: interesting. Although I will say, some songs aren’t amazing (like Brunch on Sundays). And I know this’ll sound petty, but Eminem’s verse on EPMD 2 was…. bad.
want to give this a 9 because he featured washed eminem but it might pass SIMBI if i give it 10 so i will
Nas' fourteenth studio album "King's Disease II" is a pleasant surprise, where one of New York's greatest demonstrates that he is still capable of taking his art to new places. Nas sounds sharp and confident while remaining at the cutting edge of hip hop.Unfortunately, the album is not really unique sonically or artistically and struggles to stand out from the rest of the genre. But Hit-Boy's refreshing production with clean drums and neat beat changes alongside well-elaborated features make "King's Disease II" a solid, above-average hip hop record.My favorites:"Rare""EPMD 2""Nobody""YKTV"~ FürstenbergFebruary 10, 2022
Album is cohesive from start to finish with immaculate beat selection and the old man is rapping like he’s 28 not 48. AOTY for 2021 easily
Amazing, the first 4 tracks alone would make this a 7, but the way Nas and the beats (compliments of hitboy) tell a story of past pain and moving past it. It is truly an experience
