Impressive personal statement that sees Sudan elevate nor only as a singer but as a songwriter and violinist. The clash of **** grooves and airy rnb highness in a foundation of deep stamping beats and layering. This album is a manifesto of femininity, dependent independence and joy. Definitely AOTY contender.
impressive sophomore from Ms. Parks, she's evolving as a producer and flirting with 2000s pop culture, but making it artsy. the lyrics are very fun and it's probably an AOTY potential
I really like this one. It’s a very smooth album, and I love how well the songs flow together. Overall a great album for easy listening, and I would personally recommend it to those who haven’t heard it.
No albums this summer have quite distracted me from my other listening as NBPQ has. It is a truly incredible follow-up to Athena, featuring her most audacious and daring lyrics that exude a confidence that is so satisfying to see. Straddling the sexy/sultry, fun, and emotional - all within a wholly unique and impeccably manicured sound world - NBPQ is a stellar display of her sprawling skill. "Milk Me," "Loyal (EDD)," and "ChevyS10" are my personal standouts, but you can't go wrong with any of them.
Very unusual album from Beyonce. Although not a masterpiece like Lemonade was, I like how it is pretty unusual and in some cases strange. The best thing about this album is how the songs are "mixed" and transit immediatelly from one to next one; like Madonna's Confessions on a Dance Floor. Ny favourites: I'm That Girl, Alien Superstar and America Has A Problem.
It's so incredible how Beyoncé can reinvent her art to the best. This album is a celebration to the LGBTQIA+
Easily one of my favorite albums of all time. The album theme and sound are cohesive. It makes you feel good!
É com certeza o melhor álbum que ouvi esse ano
Beyoncé is far from home and in Dance/Electronic music, while I could have used less onomatopoeias in her raps, that wasn’t enough to taint her perfect score!
Bey a maior do nosso tempo obg mamacita por tanto amor aos gays do vogue. Esse álbum tá fenomenal. A maiorrrr
Esse álbum é a melhor coisa que já aconteceu, a sensação de passar por todas as músicas em sequência, as transições, os vocais, tudo simplesmente perfeito
This is the most successful album I’ve had to listen to since the beginning of this year. The production, the voices, the transitions are almost perfect. The album oscillates, mixes and matches between Pop, Reggae, House, Hip-Hop, Soul, R&B, Electro, Dancehall, Funk, Disco, and even some bossa-nova tunes with a masterful hand. The Samples are present but let themselves be humbly listened to by merging to the melody the voice and the work of Beyoncé without her taking the merits. Beyoncé with RENAISSANCE finds yet another opportunity to pay a beautiful tribute to black music and culture from around the world. The one presented at the end of the 20th Century, now and since the dawn of time.... After listening I would put a special mention to: ENERGY, HEATED, PLASTIC OFF THE SOFA, MOVE, CUFF IT, and I’M THAT GIRL
RENAISSANCE is excellent and incredible, I just want to say RENAISSANCE is the best album since 2000！！！
the AOTY for sure. she did what need to be done. the AOTY for sure. she did what need to be done. the AOTY for sure. she did what need to be done. the AOTY for sure. she did what need to be done. the AOTY for sure. she did what need to be done. the AOTY for sure. she did what need to be done.
She's taking it. The transitions, the aesthetic, the theme. The songs are sonically like nothing you'll hear from anyone else, except for Beyoncé.
The album is just what I needed before school starts on Monday 1000/10 Beyoncé you did your thing on this album.
A qualidade desse álbum é simplesmente de outro mundo, as letras celebrando a liberdade, o amor próprio, as diferenças de cada um..., os arranjos, as harmonias, as transições impecáveis. E é ainda mais impressionante o fato de ser um trabalho completamente diferente de tudo o que ela já tinha feito. Uma verdadeira artista. De fato: A maior artista viva!!
É maravilhoso ver como Beyoncé consegue se renovar a cada era e fazer um trabalho impecável Não é atoa que é a maior artista dos últimos tempos
Ela é a maior, a número um e ela sabe disso. Primeiro lançamento de mtos q eu vou acompanhar. Te amo fav♡Solta o house Beyoncé!!!
Ela pensa tudo! O álbum tá perfeito sim, tudo mesmo! Tenho dó de quem é hater, mesmo sabendo que a mulher é foda eles perdem tempo falando mal.
PERFEITO!!!! a maior voltou e a sua obra está deslumbrante, Renaissance é gigante.
that’s how you do a dance album! The best album of the year so far. I hope that the grammys won’t snub her again
Beyoncé com esse álbum prova que é a artista que mais se reinventa atualmente, não só na música, mas em tudo que entrega.
patience is a virtue but now the wait is finally over cause ‘bey is back and i’m sleeping real good at night’ she’s definitely here to deliver. what a beautiful masterpiece!!! thanks beyoncé!!
Well engineered album, the inclusion of various genre is excellent. Truely, a RENAISSANCE masterpiece!!!
QUE COISA LINDA MDS.. BEYONCE VOCÊ FEZ ESSA PARA OS GAYS AND GIRLIES MUITO OBRIGADO MOTHER
Biggest albun of the decade! a f***ing masterpiece with beautiful vocals and powerful beats... just delicious
ainda não consigo encontrar palavras suficientes para isso! É um álbum definitivo dela.
Beyoncé is the greatest living artist of all time.your album is a comfort to my soul. she is a KWEEEEEN!
MOTHER LITERALLY SKWURTED MOTHER LAKE FOR THIS ONE, ty bey, best album this year and top 3 in her discography
O álbum é coeso, e tudo de diferente que beyoncé já fez em toda sua carreir. As músicas tem uma conexão através das transições perfeitas, fazendo com que você entre em um mundo totalmente diferente, e uma energia maravilhosa. Queen B mais uma vez conseguiu revolucionar a forma de criação de álbuns!
Renaissance is pure ecstasy! From the immaculate production, soaring silky vocals, & fierce daring beats Beyoncé is giving everything & more. This album makes you feel liberated and comfortable with who you are. Each song is a cosmic groove filled with vibrating melodies and eye catching lyrics. Between every sensational vocal run, she’s telling you don’t be afraid to feel sexy and confident in the skin you’re in! Ending with the album closer Summer Renaissance, she’s taking house music to a new horizons. Beyoncé raises the bar again for her peers. Step inside and enjoy the ride, there’s a RENAISSANCE emerging.
Definivamente ??? RENASCIDO !!! Amo a arte da Beyoncé, não só na sua excelência, em todos os detalhes, digo, no aspecto da musica no geral, no seu perfil de trabalho, na sua criatividade, todo esse amor que ela tem, toda essa força, lidera o ranking dos melhores do mundo. Filósofa, educativa ! Beyoncé é cultura !
This is one of the best albums of her career so far. The 6 year wait has started again, finally the B7 is among us. She recorded all three acts during the pandemic, can't wait to hear the other acts. She simply delivered so much in the visuals. America Has a Problem is GIANT! We need to talk about how good this song is! I see many awards that the renaissance will be indicated. Thank you Beyoncé for this amazing album, we love you mom!
diferente de tudo que ela fez e mesmo entregou excelência. o que são as transições de uma música para outra? Impecável, qualidade absurda
Renaissance is one of Beyoncé’s best albums to date: it doesn’t walk in the footsteps of its predecessors but instead makes its own path, going to places we didn’t think Beyoncé would go. The six years since her last effort have well and truly been worth the wait.
o álbum é perfeito! as transições, os vocais, os beats, a produção… tudo simplesmente impecável! obrigado Beyoncé.
Beyoncé ultrapassou todos os limites da evolução humana e se SINCRETIZOU DEUSA!
É impressionante como uma artista com 25 anos de carreira consegue inovar-se e reinventar-se como ela fez.
Renaissance veio entregar cultura ballroom ao mundo, Obrigado Beyoncé eu te amo INCONDICIONALMENTE!!
Seguido de seu último álbum solo, o RENAISSANCE é divertido, cheio de classe, reafirmação de poder, ela trás um gosto do House e Disco de décadas atrás com um toque Beyoncé nisso tudo, ainda assim soando bem atual, as pistas de dança vão ser bem empolgantes nesse verão patrocinadas pela obra da Beyoncé
Álbum do ano Impecável com transições fantásticas, sem dúvidas será o álbum do ano.
Com cada nota e letra pensada minuciosamente Beyoncé emplaca mais uma perfeição
CONCORRENTE À ALTURA DE LEMONADE TE AMO YONCÉ OBG POR TUDO VOCÊ EH MUITO FAMOSA
BEYONCÉ TA CRIANDO UMA NOVA HISTÓRIA NO MUNDO DA MÚSICA. ELA VEIO COM TUDO.
A 10 is not even enough to express how beautiful this album is. Production, vocals, and lyrics were on point! She put joy and love into this album.
This album is so melodic, classy, glamorous, elegant, versatile and dancing. I can listen this album all day.
You didn’t seriously think Beyonce would release anything less than a masterpiece did you? ONCE YOU LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM YOULL REALIZE ALL THE OTHER MUSIC YOU LISTEN TO IS TRASH
Great sound, 'cause B is só professional, intelligent smart Beautiful Beautiful
This review contains spoilers, click expand to view.
Beyoncé segue sendo a maior da sua geração, um álbum coeso e cheio de hinos.
IS BEYONCÉ'S BEST ALBUM!!! Her vocals are SO good and she did things, vocally saying, that I'd never imagined Bey would do. She's the queen so all I can do is Bow Down!!!
O melhor de 2022, ela mostrou mais uma vez q é a melhor de tds. RENAISSANCE
Um álbum repleto de músicas dançantes, que lembram a era disco, com sample de artistas consagrados da época. Beyonce acertou novamente ao produzir o Renaissance.
Beyoncé is a talented genius, great piece of work. I was not a fan and this is the first album i listen from her and it was worth. So well done and creative, 10/10 undoubtedly!
É inovador e revolucionário? É sim uma experiência como nenhuma outra, me sinto totalmente renascida! ✨
The album is pure perfection. From the songs to the transitions, everything about it makes me wanna get up and dance until i drop. it’s truly a spiritual experience.
Álbum maravilhosoooo, superou em 100% as minhas espectativas, BEYONCÉ sempre maravilhosaaaaa, todas as músicas são incríveis
So fresh and ready for the club! Been waiting for queen b for 6 years and she never disappoints
After six years Beyoncé in the present with a beautiful album, perfect, flawless, wonderful, stunning... with each passing year she renews each album showing why she is the queen of the music industry. There are no words to say how magnificent this album is.
We haven’t had an album this immersive…this personal…since The Velvet Rope(Janet Jackson). Unlike its sister album Lemonade, #Renaissance takes us on a journey of optimism. Sonically, it’s reminiscent of her DC roots. It’s fun, sexy, GROWN—but in a way that only Beyoncé can give. Instead of brooding over relationship trauma’s, we’re taken on a fantastical ride of self love, reflection and consistency.
It’s commendable that Beyoncé can still sound fresh and manage to remain an important figure in the music industry 25 years into her career. One of the reasons for this longevity is her ability to reinvent her sound with every project.Beyoncé goes all in and as always has created an experience for her listeners. Her voice has the grooviness and power that is so essential for House music. The samples work in her favour as she doesn't let them overpower the song and that helps the record sound fresh and new.Even though its a new genre and and unexplored realm for Beyoncé but she still manages to put her stamp on the genre. The album has Beyoncé written all over it.
Eu não consigo parar de escutar. É um álbum extremamente dançante, alegre divertido e prazeroso! Faz qualquer um sentir diferentes emoções em cada faixa. É algo inexplicável! Beyoncé, muito obrigado!
the best album ever, she came to change the music industry, she is the real queen
Eu literalmente amei esse álbum, eu renasci com esse lançamento! Ouvi esse álbum me deu tanta alegria, ele merece #nota10!
I'm in loveAll songs, I loved allAmazing, I don't knowProbably the best thing I've seen
This album is just amazing. The authenticity, transitions, lyrics, and vocals are on fire. I’m trying to see if this is her best album right now, but only time will tell. I am on my 17th rotation within the last 12 hours. It’s amazingly produced. She is the EPITOME of a legend. THE Legend. THE QUEEN B.
Best album of the year! She is taking us to the club after this horrible years. Can’t wait for Act II and Act III
album of the yearalbum of the decadealbum of the centurythe best album i ever seen
Renaissance o último é tão aguardado álbum de estúdio da cantora Beyoncé, trás uma lembrança única e glamourosa sobre a era disco. Uma homenagem a suas raízes, depois do grande grito da independência de Lemonade, agora Beyoncé renasceu.
Assim como em Lemonade e no auto-intitulado, Beyoncé provou mais uma vez ser a artista que mais reinventa sua carreira e explora todos seus limites - ou nesse caso, infinidades - musicais. Trazendo músicas com influência dos gêneros House, Disco, e Funk, ela trabalha não só elementos da sua vida pessoal e pública nas letras de suas canções, como também uma série de transições entre as faixas e mudanças de sonoridade propondo aos ouvintes uma experiência transcendental e sublime. Não é exagero dizer que Renaissance não só ocupou o status de maior álbum de sua carreira, como também um dos maiores do século e mais arriscado avanço de uma soberana da música.
Me sentí tan identificado con el álbum, sus sonidos, letras y coros son simplemente una maravilla. Me representa totalmente, y me hace ser yo mismo.
I love how you can find new elements and layers every time you play it. Beyoncé’s mind is something out of this world
It’s perfect. Each song is its own masterpiece. You rarely hear music this advanced, this progressive, this innovative, this well-crafted. It sounds like 2005, 2007, 2008, 2011, 2013, 2016, 2022, 2050. It sounds like the past, the present, and the future.
talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it in a blender, **** on it, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it.
It’s rare to listen to a complete album without skipping tracks. Beyoncé has given that to us with Renaissance and I love her for that. It just keeps getting better and better
Mais um álbum IMPECÁVEL em seu propósito. Parabéns, Beyoncé, você nunca erra!
Even if you put aside the near-theft of other artists' work and the cultural appropriation, you are still faced with bloated group of songs that are varied between themselves but overlong and repetitive within each individual song. Unlike the true masterpiece Lemonade, this is an album with nothing to say. A lot of Renaissance is bad, the rest is fairly evenly divided between mediocre and good, almost none is great.
Notice all the Taylor Swift and "Lady" Gaga stans downvoting the album..? Anyways, the ratings speak for themselves. This may not be as groundbreaking as Lemonade, but it's damn near perfect. Such a diverse and thoughtfully crafted soundscape.
Nothing like anything she’s done before, always shocks and is always delivering. Full of bops and a nod to LGBTQ+, disco, dancehall etc. Love it.
A mosaic of references that manages to be original and does not come shy of brilliance. This is Beyoncé using all of her cultural coin to make house and dance music be recognized as a black/latino/queer american creation. They forgot black people made rock n' roll and Bey does not want history to repeat itself. Also, it's just THAT good.
Profound reinvention through cutting-edge creativity and thoughtful artistic freedom: that’s Beyoncé’s golden formula. This album ratifies Beyoncé as the greatest living entertainer -perhaps the greatest of all time, but sadly some are not ready for that statement. Bombastic beats that make you soar and transport you to the late 80s and early 90s ballroom and house scene, all infused with a refined disco groove from the 70s. There are synths, bass, horns, snaps, claps, stacked vocals and more that are elevated by the immaculate production. You HAVE to hear this album (patiently and in a space that allows you to DANCE) in the order the artist intended to and with a full glass of water by your side because you won’t be able to resist its groove and rhythm. You will DANCE, sweat and sing the lyrics as if you already knew them. This is the album I’ve been waiting since the pandemic started its “remission”. No other artist or project had been able to hit the note. Of course Queen B had to be the one, right? If you are anything like the author of this review, you’ve been struggling to get back to your old self (both mentally and physically) ever since March 2020 came. I also happen to be young enough to not know the majority of references, samples and the social and historical context Beyoncé is paying homage and drawing from to build Renaissance - Act 1. Therefore, for the past month or so I’ve been reading and studying about the ballroom culture, the 70s, 80s and early 90s disco, house and clubhouse music and history. I’ve learned so much about how black people in the United States- particularly black members of the LGBTQ community in those years- ORIGINATED and CRAFTED those musical genres in clubs, drag runway shows, voguing, kikis, alleys, recording booths, disco ballrooms, etc. All while being ostracized, rejected and suffering from the AIDS pandemic. This album transports me to those parties, to an era I didn’t live and expressed pure love to those unseen communities.I can’t help but connect that pandemic with the covid-19 pandemic in which Beyoncé crafted her Renaissance and freed herself from perfectionism and musical expectations. Maybe I’m reaching but perhaps the suffering and stress of the recent pandemic unlocked a creative vault in her brain, one that was filled with memories and musical references definitely introduced by her dear uncle Jhonny and her deep love for musical icons like Donna Summer, Prince, MJ, Dianna Ross, etc.All songs deserve their own moment and they all feel incredibly thoughtful and meticulously curated. I won’t go into specifics so you can discover every song by yourself. Just know that my favorites right now are:- Alien Superstar, Summer Renaissance, Cuff it, Pure/Honey, Virgo’s Groove, Break my Soul, Church Girl, Move and Heated. Give this album the time, light, joy and dance floor space it deserves. Give Beyoncé all the flowers she deserves. Go into this project with an open mind and ENJOY it. That is what Beyoncé does so good that others can’t do or die trying: she really cares and succeeds at making her fans (us, her beloved Beyhive) and all other listeners truly ENJOY MUSIC. What a joy and thrill it is to live at the same time as Beyoncé. What an amazing privilege it is to witness true artistry. Long live the QUEEN and her Renaissance. throught
Her best album yet. An experimental and mind-blowing piece of work that perfectly encapsulates Beyoncé as an artist and a performer. No one else could pull off an album of this scale and artistic courage but her. Truly, now down.
An amazing album! She has truly a gift of putting out an album totally different from anything she has ever put out. She’s a true blessing to the music world. Truly unmatched and a must listen to anyone who likes great arrangements. A masterpiece for the dance floor!
Álbum maravilhoso! Parabéns à Beyoncé. Um dos melhores da carreira até agora.
Once again, Beyoncé reminds us that music is boundless. She reminds us that at any given moment we are able to create and contour worlds outside of what already exists. This project epitomises what a body of work should be. Rooted in honesty and what is real, the Queen conjures a pocket of escape that allows the listener to release their inhibitions, to dream, and to be themselves, without the burdensome coercions of the world to be perfect! The cornerstone of this album both thematically and sonically is the celebration of UNIQUENESS! A bold and unafraid homage to the Queer and Black roots of club and disco music. RENAISSANCE is culturally steeped in all things Queer and all things Black! It’s the culmination of inclusion and collaboration, boasting a most diverse group of musicians and artists of the demographic. Thank you Queen Bey for graciously sharing your gift with the world. Your incomprehensible contribution to music and to our lives is seen and felt everyday and you will always be THAT GIRL! WE LOVE YOU QUEEN BEYONCÉ. 10s ACROSS THE BOARD.
O álbum Renaissance é uma obra prima. É extremamente coeso, som de alta qualidade e grande complexidade dos arranjos. Como primeira escuta é meu álbum favorito da Beyoncé. O álbum traz uma complexidade além da sonoridade, ele realmente traz emoção. As músicas, as melodias e a sonoridade são tão bem trabalhadas que você não precisa de um visual para entender e sentir a identidade de cada música. Beyoncé realmente é única.Minhas músicas favoritas: All Up In Your Mind, Alien Superstar, Break My Soul e Summer Renaissance.
When I first heard Break my Soul I was skeptical about the album, now after fully listening to the full body of work I was completely blown away how even that song, which initially was not my cup of tea, fits perfectly.Once again Beyoncé manages to show how far she can continue to stretch her creativity a bit further. She explores her music, vocals, and sound in a way that almost no one else is doing, and the results are clear and amazing.After wondering how she could follow up Lemonade she shows that where that came from there's still much more.
BEY IS BACK! É hora de contemplar o projeto mais divertido da Beyoncé, com toque sexy de confiança e alegria, Beyoncé está nos convidando para um verdadeiro Ballrrom, e estamos prontos para desfilar nas categorias das suas 16 faixas.
Beyoncé showed us how house music can become a culture again with unique samples with her 6th studio album. With its lyric quality and rich infrastructure, Renaissance has become an excellent album for clubs, girls' nights, and as always, to lift oneself up.
This album is an absolute MASTERPIECE. The transitions are heavenly and really make the album cohesive. This really is a skip-less album. Beyoncé has done it once again.
I didn’t know what to expect with this album, but I’m blown away. Beyoncé somehow manages to, once again, completely reinvent her sound while making every song uniquely her own. She is a musical auteur, putting her touch on every lyric, every trill, every consonant—every detail.The album, heavily inspired by the Disco, House and Ballroom genres, is a sonic ode to confidence, acceptance and elation. Though the album does not have any signature Beyoncé ballads (the closest being the groovy love song, “Plastic Off the Sofa”), it still showcases the vocal control and acrobatics of Beyoncé’s trained instrument. From her melodic runs, to her harmonic backing vocals, all the way to her forceful commanding raps, Beyoncé demands awe and attention.Musically, Renaissance blends together like a perfect recipe, with each song standing out on its own but seemlessoy transitioning to the next while contributing to the overall product. It’s a cohesive body of work that sees Beyoncé get down and dirty while paying homage to LGBTQ+ culture that originated in Black queer and trans communities. The album includes contributions from some of the queer community’s biggest artists, including Big Freedia, TS Madison, Kevin Aviance and Honey Dijon. Among the club soundscape, you’ll also hear an unexpected sample of The Clark Sisters’ “Center of Thy Will” on “Church Girl”—a track that, perhaps, encourages you to get on your knees in other ways after you “drop it like a thottie.” It’s the cheeky juxtaposition that many of us have come to witness in real life: sometimes, the most devoted “church girls” are the wildest outside of the pews. And Beyoncé channels it into a dance anthem.The sounds of the album may take a while for some people to get used to, especially those who are not familiar with House music or Ballroom culture. But if you give the new sounds a chance, they will surely grow on you. Renaissance is an experimental risk that Beyoncé has taken to provide us with a joyous dance album, and that risk has paid off.
Beyoncé continues to set the bar even higher. I love that she challenges herself by doing something new for each album. Renaissance is fun, exudes confidence and sexiness, and makes you want to dance. Vocally, she's incomparable. The production is impeccable.
i personally was waiting for music to dance to and beyoncé 100% delivered! yes renaissance has club and house influence but it goes way deeper. bey dedicated this album to her lgbt+ uncle while paying homage to the community with ballroom influences in pure/honey and heated, aswell as straight out coloring the progress pride flag on cozy! this album has 16 BANGERS and a whole lot of moods, thank you bey, i love you deep. 10 10 10s across the board!!!
This album is wonderful, it shows a beyonce that everyone wanted to see again
Masterpiece. One of the bests albums. “The originator of the visual album format decided to lead without visuals giving fans the opportunity to be limitless in their expansive listening journey. It is a chance again to be listeners and not viewers, while taking in every gem of the pristine production.”Here is a special message from Beyoncé. #RENAISSANCE Dedicated to her children, her husband, her family, her Godmother Uncle Johnny, and to the LGBTQ+ community and all of the pioneers who originated the culture and the fallen angels whose contributions have gone unrecognized.
One of the most cohesive albums i’ve ever heard! The way Beyoncé mixes multiple genres is insane.
Fantastic album. The transitions and the production are absolutely top notch, the vocals and harmonies are unparalelled, Beyoncé’s truly the GOAT (but we knew that already)
For me its 10/10Renaissance is one of Beyoncé’s best albums to date: it doesn’t walk in the footsteps of its predecessors but instead makes its own path, going to places we didn’t think Beyoncé would go.. The six years since her last effort have well and truly been worth the wait.
This album is the first ever even from Beyoncé herself that compelled me to listen with out skips on the first listen. The transitions were perfect. Her harmonies, the beat, her signature rap-sing that she invented. Her openness and unbridled vulnerability, all these these came together to create an incredible body of work. This is the first album, even from Beyoncé that I have played again and again as a whole without selecting songs that I love the most. I love them all. All 16 of them. This the album of the year. This is the album of the decade if not the century.
The album is different than everything that Beyoncé has maid yet. The transitions between songs are just impeccable, you don't even realize when switching from one song to another, her vocals... what can I say... powerfull & flawless as always, it's Beyoncé. Renaissance is remarkable, Simply the best album I've ever heard, Beyoncé can reinvent herself so easily, this woman is the biggest, the biggest in the industry.I just can't wait for the two other acts to come!
Is this a good album? Yes. Vocals are flawless as always, productions on point, transitions are magnificent, lyrics are awesome.Is it her best album and as iconic as they call it? No. It's solid but nowhere near Lemonade, Beyoncé or even 4 (but that's just a personal opinion). The production definitely takes the cake but many songs we've heard from more underground artists - like Big Freedia, Leikeli47, Azealia Banks or even Todrick Hall.Consistent? Mostly but take away the mixing and it's just as consistent as any other. I do have to give props to the team because the mixing deserves all the award!Album Of The Year? Noooo, far from it. But again, it's a really solid dance album.Top 3+1: Energy, Thique, Pure/Honey, MovePS: What I would love to hear now is the lady behind the masquerade, behind the big production team, outfits and all. The more we go ahead the less I seem to see her as a Beyoncé Knowles and more as THE Beyoncé, the hype, the name, the big production and not a person.
Esse trabalho foge do que a Beyoncé já fez, é feliz, dançante, o Álbum que vc não pula nenhuma música.
Beyoncé com seu cavalo discoball mais uma vez toma as rédeas da indústria fonográfica. Ela veio para se divertir e fazer um mundo menos pesado. Seu 7° álbum de estúdio é um convite as pistas de dança dos anos 80 e 90 e te leva a um passeio sobre cultura e orgulho de si . Vida longa a rainha !!!
O álbum da carreira. Uma sonoridade incrível que mescla o melhor do disco dos anos 70/80 com um refinamento que só a Beyoncé poderia nos dar hoje em dia. Um álbum pra não pular nenhuma faixa. Impecável!
25 anos de carreira e continua surpreendendo! Um dos seus melhores álbuns, coeso, ritmado, versátil, produção caríssima, a sua voz também soa muito mais segura e confortável
Simplesmente Divino. Ela ousou, mais uma vez,ao sair da zona de conforto. São músicas viciantes e bem produzidas. I love bey.
o álbum do milênio vindo da artista do milênio e não opiniões contrárias não serão aceitas!
Beyoncé é sempre uma rainha. Sempre faz o seu melhor. Amo cada detalhe que ela entrega. Faz tudo impecávelmente e sem se preocupar muito. As transições são muito perfeitas e bem precisas. Não faz confusão mental quando as troca de música. Sempre tudo bem pensado e bem feito. Ansioso pra ver as performances que devem ssr muito fodas e sem falar nas coreografias e ainda mais de Won't break my Soul. Lendariaaaaa
This may be her crown of all crown albums. The arrangements of some of these songs are top-notch. For example, PURE/HONEY goes from ballroom to a Prince song, back to the ballroom, and finishing with a Michael Jackson song. Chef's kiss. Renaissance is precisely that, a renaissance of music. she combines her own Hip-Hop and Pop sounds and blends them with old-school disco and early 90s House music. With other great albums out, like Lizzo's, Beyonce truly takes the crown of all crowns.
Nobody knew what Beyoncé's new era was going to sound like before she released "BREAK MY SOUL." But we were still NOT KNEW, because "RENAISSANCE" is a completely new sound for Beyoncé -- and yet, somehow one that is very much #BEYONCE. The sound quality is perfect and clear, her vocals are loose and joyful, cocky even. The whole album sounds like she had so much fun recording this album for not only her fans, but also for herself. She put her whole love and soul into "RENAISSANCE," and delivered a super masterpiece.
E ela conseguiu se reinventar mais uma vez, conseguindo se manter relevante por 25 anos de carreira. As transições são tão boas que você nem sente que passou de uma música pra outra. Incrível.
This is so good. Congratulations Bey, you did it again. All makes sense together, such a good time listening to this.
Beyoncé once again has proven to the world her power in switching genres so effortlessly. You can tell drake was influenced by this album and created his own version of a house. You can also tell who had done it correctly and who falls flat. Beyoncé released the album of the year, with absolutely no skips present. Until this day, I have not been able to choose my top 5 favourite songs, which says something.
beyoncé’s RENAISSANCE has finally emerged! her most sonically cohesive body of work to date is an unapologetic celebration of historically queer black music, and offers a brazen homage to the fallen angels who came before us. she seamlessly weaves elements of house, ballroom, disco, garage, soul, gospel, r&b, edm, and rap together to create a project only she and her team could’ve pulled off. from dreamy synths and haunting guitars, to explosive drums and soaring vocals, this album is a feast for the ears. somehow even break my soul has been given a new lease of life within the context of the album. the transitions are impeccable, the references are witty and heartfelt, the stacked harmonies are gorgeous. your ear picks up on something new every time! it never gets dull or feels bloated. i’m blown away! 10/10. album of the year.
A cohesive album that immerses every trace of your soul into a paradise, where everything is perfect. It takes you to the dance floor and doesn't make you tired of listening and dancing.
Between divine vocals and dancing beats, Beyoncé captures again what belongs to her. She carries with her the soul of being impeccable in what she sets out to do. Beyoncé shows again that she is the greatest artist this world has ever had and will ever have. Alien superstar!
Renaissance is an amazimg dedication to decades of music. A fun, liberating, sexual, and self-caring album. Beyoncé is an amazimg artist and even with 25 years in the music industry she continues to reinvent herself.
What a unique experience! I was so proud to know that this album was recorded with such great intention. My personal album of the year, if not the decade. Wow! It is a very adult and mature album and Beyoncé’s fanbase has grown with her. Love this
Magnific, iconic. Beyonce is Back
She did it again.... she’s really not scared of trying new things and evolving, that’s what makes her a great artist. Her albums are always ART!! The transitions??? Wow!!!! The vocals? Wow!! There’s really nothing she can’t do at this point. I’m really proud of the artist she is. Even after 25 years of her career.
From track 1 to 16, all bangers!! Straight fire. Can’t wait to hear this in the club tonight
The BEST Album since Lemonade! A seamless body of work that flows so well spectacularly and is sonically so pleasant to the ears interpolating different samples in a beautiful mix of past, present and futuristic production, layering and vocal stylings.INCREDIBLE
Beyoncé só mostra que é a maior artista da história ! Ela nunca erra e não dá ponto sem nó. Haters BOW DOWN !
EU ESTOU TRANSCENDENDO COM A QUALIDADE DESSE ÁLBUM. Ao mesmo tempo que possui faixas com misturas de afrobeat, bounce, dance, house e disco, possui inúmeras frases de duplo sentido e críticas sociais. É icônico, e consegue ser atual, dançante não sendo superficial. Beyoncé se arrisca novamente e recebe o devido valor por isso.
She took her sound in a direction that nobody could have predicted. A beautiful tribute to gay, black, ballroom culture. She continues to push the art of the album!
Álbum Excelente, uma estrutura dos Deuses, construções prefeitas, transições perfeitas e os vocais nem se fala! Beyoncé you get It!
AMAZING mixing and vocal performance, Beyoncé is a wonder and master of musical catharsis.
This album is healing. As someone who has been a fan since the very beginning, I am immensely proud of this album.
Perfect music to jump, dance and feel good to. She is so extremely bold and unapologetically confident on this album, she transfers that energy in MP3/Wav format into ears of the listeners that makes you bust a move and feel absolutely no shame about it. Also i want to point out that this album is a really nice revision of classics and samples from artists appreciated a lot in queer especially black queer community. House, disco, funk, bounce, hip-hop, pop... She knows how to make any genres sound cohesive, cause that is HER album. Loved this music so much.
Um trabalho impecável, sem defeitos! Uma musicalidade como outra que nunca ouviu. Trazendo a era do house para tempos atuais, com transições que encaixam perfeitamente que você pensa que ainda está na primeira música.Beyoncé mais uma vez mostrando excelência! IT’S ABOUT TO GO DOWN
Beyoncé se supera a cada era lançada.Sua musicalidade nesse álbum, os acordes, melodias, batidas são o resultado de uma obra prima. Ela faz com quem escutam as músicas queiram estar numa pista de dança, esquecer os problemas e se divertir.Além de uma grande ressalva para sua voz que amadurece e nos encanta a cada nota cantada, sustentando seu título de rainha seja do pop, R&B, disco entre outros. Temos sorte em viver na mesma época de Beyoncé e presenciar grandes feitos pela música.Meu muito obrigada, QueenB.
I didn’t know this album is what I needed, but I did! My God, this album is absolutely incredible! Zero skips!!!
Mindblowing. I only heard the album once yet because i’m still at work but this might be her best work ever. Eclectic, experimental, soft, sexy, adventurous and dreamy this album truly has it all. A genre bending experience and the productional value is just WOW. Bravo Beyoncé, bravo!
Beyoncé surpreendentemente se reinventou e superou a si mesma mais uma vez, provando mais uma vez que é a maior da indústria e mostrando o porquê. Ela demonstra perfeitamente como se cria um ÁLBUM, um trabalho realmente coeso e coerente. Todas as músicas são 100% únicas, originais, inovadoras, revolucionárias e conectadas umas a outras. A produção desse álbum é simplesmente fenomenal, as transições são suaves e muito bem arquitetadas. É um álbum riquíssimo em elementos musicais, harmonias, originalidade e criatividade. Beyoncé não apenas visita o House, ela o reinventa, ela o faz renascer! Beyoncé apresenta o suprassumo da produção musical, a pedra de Roseta para todos os outros artistas na indústria. Ela se firma como uma das maiores artistas da humanidade mais uma vez.O álbum da década! 10/10.
This Album is a masterpiece from the first sound to Summer Renaissance. A stand-out song with a Donna Summer sample btw. Alien Superstar + Heated are my personal Favs.
Perfeito, mágico, dançante. Nunca vi um álbum tão completo, as transições entre as músicas que formam um baladinha, quando você se dá conta o álbum já acabou, as referências utilizadas são sensacionais. Sem dúvidas o melhor álbum que já ouvi
OBRA PRIMA. Simplesmente inovador e revolucionário e nos leva em direçao aquilo que deveria
great album, great production, great music, feel good music that's what we need she did THAT and the vocals?? yesss Beyoncé yes!
Beyoncé has proved once again that she will always find a way to make something different, moving, soulful and creative. Truly a one of a kind artist
What a masterpiece of art! Bringing us the best of the 80’s and 90’s to make us have fun at the dancefloor again! Beyoncé have an invaluable talent. Thanks for exist, queen B!
SHE IS HER ONLY COMPETITION! How can anyone be able to do that after 28 years of career? Like, she waited till now and after a Lemonade to deliver the best thing she had! What’s coming next? Alien Superstar and Move the most expensive and fancy tracks of the century.
No words would do justice on this album Literally album of the year…no the decade the moment it got released I haven’t listened to any other song besides it
Beyoncé mais uma vez mostrando que ela é a maior, se reinventou mais uma vez e alcançou a excelência
The way she can reinvent herself it’s flabbergasting, after lemonade I thought she couldn’t do anything as good, then she comes and drop perfection again
Beyoncé did it again! With "RENAISSANCE" she brings back a lot of things, from history to joy, she also brings old ball room vibes to a modern world that has recent scars. I can`t compare to the previous album, "LEMONADE", they tell different stories, but in this new one, she not only gave you a history class but she did that with happiness, voice, identity, that is a thing that anyone else do better than she does.
album of the year, beyoncé y rosalía son lo maximo, ella no decepciona, sin miedo al exito como a otras
This is actually the second time I write a review for this album because i have entirely changed my mind about it. At first, I enjoyed just a few tracks, but when you listen to it several times you get to discover Beyoncé's mastery once again. She is indeed an albums' artist. It's really comforting how every song transitions into the next one, and even though they all keep the same dance vibes, each one is special on its own. Maybe not a masterpiece as previous albums, but Renaissance has definitely changed the game in a short period of time.
Uma verdadeira obra de arte!!! Todas as músicas perfeitamente conectada e em harmonia num ritmo contagiante. De longe o melhor álbum do ano. Beyoncé de fato é a maior ARTISTA de todos os tempos.
She never disappoints! Beyoncé created an excellent body of work whilst giving light to those people created these type of music & style. Her vocals are as always 10/10! The sound is fresh and different from anything she has done in the past.
Renaissance is a truly reborn on Beyoncé's music and art, it's a place where she could explore the house music like she never did before and bring her own essence to all of the songs. The album is very well produced, all songs are full of layers and details well thought out and executed. Renaissance is an album to be heard completely, one song after another, which will bring an immersive experience at Beyoncé's Ball with clean and well-made transitions that make you not realize the music changed. With this album, the sequence of solo works like Beyoncé and Lemonade and collaborations like Everything is Love and The Gift (Black is King), Beyoncé finds herself in a position that she can do whatever she wants to, showing all her versatility in her work, and we can trust that we'll be graced with an amazing project just like the Renaissance is.
Transcendental, uma qualidade impecável, transições incríveis, muito feliz em ser fã da maior artista viva.
The best álbum of Beyoncé, she really innovated in everything she proposed to deliver on this album
Beyoncé no seu ápice, extremamente segura de si às transições do álbum (Cuff it para Energy, exemplo) mostra o quão profissional e talentosa ela é.
The queen is back and she's evolving. Love the album and can't wait for what's next.
10/10, this is honestly her best and most experimental work yet! 6 years was worth the wait.
One of the best of Beyonce! Showing the concept of non-stoping, she’s just demonstrating the glamour of joy! JUST AMAZING
Arguably Beyoncé’s best album yet. The production. The transitions. The harmonies. Home run for sure!
Beyoncé is back and she did that!This album is a celebration of musicI just keep listening and dancing in my living room
Is it innovative and revolutionary? YEA. Beyonce delivers one of her greatest works, bringing house music and ballroon glory back to its heyday. With dancing beats and lyrics full of horny and self-esteem, this album is, without a doubt, my favorite this year so far.
I get that she is really experimenting new sounds blended with queer disco vibes. However, lyrics are weak. "I am too classy for this world". "Must be the cash cause it ain't your face" really dissappointed me. I expected more from her beside her singing about how bougee rich classy powerfull independent boss she is. Like we know it. You are Beyonce. I wanted her to show more vulnarability
One of the best albums in this present decade , it’s Her most cohesive and happiest albums . Glad to see the growth
It’s very corny that people are review bombing this masterpiece. It’s an incredible album from start to finish, and neck to neck with self-titled as her best album. It tells a story of self love, specifically in the lgbtq community, and makes references to great songs of the past. Beyoncé is the queen, and I can’t wait to see the visuals as well as the other acts.
This album is for the girls and the gays. I love the house vibe Beyoncé gives us. I can’t wait for the visuals!
Good even though I'm not into Beyonce at all, alien superstar such a bop, cuff it too
This album is a celebration of life and love, and is arriving at a time when we need it most. That's perhaps the most astonishing quality about Beyoncé. Her ability to constantly transform into what the world needs most while never losing her artistic integrity and the essence of who she is. She's shown us she can do everything from Pop to R&B to Soul to Funk to Blues, Jazz, Rock & Roll, Country, and the list goes on. But with Renaissance, she brings us on a journey into the glamorous and fabulously gritty world of Studio 54, Ballrooms, and dance music. She jumps from decade to decade, and genre to genre, mastering them all with deceiving ease, while never failing to leave every song with the Beyoncé stamp (and please don't get me started on the vocals in 'VIRGOS GROOVE'). Feeling that vibrating bass line smash into your face and lift you off your feet in 'IM THAT GIRL' is exactly what we all needed after the isolation and anxiety of the past 2 years. I don't want sad songs, I want to yell about being 'COZY' in my skin, the "dimples on my hips" and "stretch marks on my **** I want to DANCE and leave my sorrows behind (if only just for the 62 minute duration of Renaissance). Beyoncé continues to uplift people with her music and use her voice for good. She's in a category of her own and she's proven that she's truly THAT GIRL once again.THANK YOU BEYONCÉ!
This project is classy, glamorous, elegant, versatile, melodic, majestic, Bey doesn't need to prove anything else, the creative freedom she has to explore her voice and create something phenomenal and majestic and distinct between each project is admirable and unique in the music industry
1. I’M THAT GIRL - 10 Perfection2. COZY - 8 Great3. ALIEN SUPERSTAR - 10 Perfection4. CUFF IT - 9 Amazing5. ENERGY - 7 Great6. BREAK MY SOUL - 10 Perfection7. CHURCH GIRL - 10 Perfection8. PLASTIC OFF THE SOFA - 9 Amazing9. VIRGO’S GROOVE - 10 Perfection10. MOVE - 7 Great11. HEATED - 8 Great12. THIQUE - 10 Perfection13. ALL UP IN YOUR MIND - 10 Perfection14. PURE/HONEY - 10 Perfection15. SUMMER RENAISSANCE - 10 Perfection
8.9/104 was Beyoncé taking the Janet route,gaining full control of her career and music.Self titled confronted her maternity, marital bliss and success whilst Lemonade stood as a monument to her marriage. Tackling the infidelity, rage,insecurities and eventually forgiveness but this album not that, it's her least personal. Renaissance feels like a communal project. Like it's made for someone other than Beyoncé from her more vulgar lyrics to the queer indept language that anchors her club masterpiece. Throughout the record samples or narrators that provide hype most common in vogue ballroom culture.The single "break my soul" dropped with few spectal from Bey as a mere bio update on her profile and it would be received as the complete opposite. People were overjoyed and disappointed in equal measure but she had done it again,taken a left turn towards a new sound, evolving. This evolution is what allows for Renaissance to be such a powerful record,it's adventurous in a way musicians rarely have been since Yeezus. It's a light hearted celebration of love,queerness ,liberation and joy.The opener "I'm that girl" is a cool edged flex of her influence and power as she basks in her success. "Cozy" returns to the house "BMS" hinted and delivers with lines encouraging body positivity and security. And based on the ballroom confidence of "Alien superstar " that confidence can be a performance too. The dance instructional bop would fit perfectly on an 80's club dance floor. "Cuff it" is a lush potential hit and higlight with an infectious beat,thumping horns & versatile production bleeding into the Kelis sampling "Energy " . Megan thee stallion must have been in the studio when "church girl " was made. A twerk ready banger that revels in sexual freedom before the monogamy serenade "plastic of the sofa" which drowns in the best things about her partner,the rose colored reply to "Rocket ". The longest song is also the most transcendental song here "virgo groove" 6 min of harmonies and blushing, some parts feel like a chlöe song. "Move" has the disco icon Grace jones guiding the groove but "Heated" is where I obesse! A fun afro beat as she indulges in her excess." Thique" is a fun rave that focuses on the fun release of letting go of your inhibitions . "AHAP" is a misleading titlefor a song about how addictive a partner can be and doesn't resonate to the extent other songs had."Pure /honey" is a Janet Jackson inspired disco higlight. I love it so much,the production, lyrics and delivery.Overall Renaissance is a dance pop club masterpiece. It's sure is a bit uneven at some points or on the nose but it always makes up for some lyrical misgivings with unparalleled production. This album is her least narrative as it follows a vibe more than a concept but it's an audacious left turn that shows that even this far into her career she has the ability to surprise. I really enjoyed this,you van hear the effort invested in this project. AOTY contender fr
Amazing work! Beyoncé’s done it again and as she always does, did it while celebrating and liberating and shifting the culture in the music industry
This album is incredible. It features authentically black influence, authentically 90s influence, authentically dance influence, authentically gay influence, and authentically influences the listener to be more confident in themselves. This album is what Special by Lizzo tried to do, with the genre of Honestly, Nevermind. Spoiler alert: Beyonce does it better. Like way better. It sounds GOOD, that’s the thing. Nobody can say this is bad music, the most they could reasonably say is that it’s ‘not their type’ or that it’s ‘too experimental’ when in reality, those people are holding themselves back from the wide range of music available. The only thing this album possibly could have done better are a few of the transitions, (even though they’re done VERY well I feel like they ALL could’ve lead into each other), and the repetitive samples. Some songs could be more catchy, but at that point, I’m nitpicking because I have only heard the album twice. I started to listen to MOVE after completing the analysis and I’m on THIQUE right now, without any idea or urge to turn it off. This is a modern renaissance of the house and dance genre, and I’m here for it. I want more artists like Lizzo and Ariana Grande to hop on this sound. But of course, Beyonce will always do it better. RENAISSANCE shows the budget, riskiness, passion, vocal ability, confidence, and taste of Beyonce. This album is crack, y’all.
honestly got me hyped for the next 2 albums, the queen is back and served. best songs: alien superstar, break my soul, summer renaissance, and cozy
Beyoncé wanted to evolve the house/disco genre in a different way and I can see that she accomplished exactly that. She’s delivered her most experimental, left field, exploratory, body of work ever and did it masterfully at 40.Best songs: Virgo's Groove, Heated, I'm That Girl, Summer Renaissance, Pure/Honey, Cozy
A very different Beyoncé album yet very familiar at the same time. Funkyoncé in her final form. 10/10.
This wasn’t just a simple dance album, it had more complex sounds than I anticipated.
Wow! Quel album! J'ai adoré du début à la fin. Elle a fait une énorme prise de risque et on peut on dire que ça lui a totalement réussi. Elle s'est vraiment surpassée. Elle ne nous déçoit jamais. Un très grand bravo à elle.
uma lenda da msc, nada fora do normal, Beyoncé mais uma vez trás um trabalho maravilhoso
It's a masterpiece. It's giving Prince vibes and I love it. Impossible to elect a favourite one, they all surprise me.
THIS IS BY FAR HER BEST ALBUM. Beyoncé did it again. The musical transitions from song to song are insane. The different sounds and unique style is different to what’s she’s done in the past but somehow very Beyoncé!! She’s the queen for a reason
This album is filled with hits after hits after hits, not to mention their timeless sound that you cannot get tired of. The lyrics, The production, The harmonies, The pure energy this album gives alone is enough to make it go down as one of the most iconic dance pop albums in history.
She brings influences from house, disco, funk, afrobeat, groove, among other musical genres to celebrate black culture in the party atmosphere of the 90's dance floors. What it lacks to be perfect is just a little instrumental richness. To match this thematic richness, and don't get me wrong, because good ideas to exist, from the delicious drop in tone that marks the entrance of the sample in “Summer Renaissance” to the divine mix of new wave and 1990s hip hop that forms the best track from the album, “America Has a Problem”. The inconsistency of these ideas is what bothers me, especially on a 16-track record that is over 1 hour long. The impression that remains is that it lacked a good self-editing, a more judicious selection of songs.
This is such a different album for Beyoncé, but it's so incredibly eclectic and amazing to listen to. It's pure joy and an absolute triumph. I love it!
Whatever she does turns out to be GOLD and she shows us again that she's the Greatest Entertainer of All Time. This album is about to celebrate and we're dancing to her music! ❤️
The songs are great on their own and some flow very well into one another. However, the issue with the album is that at some point, the songs start to sound samey and indistinguishable. Halfway through the album, it becomes clear that there will be no ballad(to give some reprieve) and that it's banger after banger. As a result the discerning listener is overwhelmed but not in a good way. Although most great albums require more than one listen for the listener to get into them, I find I will have to listen to the album several times simply to figure out which song is which.I gave most of the songs a 10 out of 10. But as an album, I give it 8 out of 10 due to the aforementioned issues.
Possibly her best work yet. Uplifting, joyful, sexy. There is no other artist quite like Beyoncé.
Beyoncé yielded an ageless club masterpiece. To call Beyoncé a titan and icon in the music industry is a complete understatement of who she truly is. She always brings something new whilst elevating and celebrating her past. Like she states in ALIEN SUPERSTAR, she is one of one, she is number one.
RENAISSANCE IS ONE OF THE BEST BEYONCÉ PROJECTS. IT’S A VERY FRESH ALBUM, IN WHICH WE CAN OBSERVE A RENEWED BEYONCÉ. FOR ME IS THE ALBUM OF THE YEAR!
An impeccable sonic masterpiece, the perfect transitions, the instrumentals, the insane vocals. It's a perfect masterpiece, deserves the AOTY. My favorites Alien Superstar, Church Girl, Cuff It, Tique, Pure/Honey and Summer Renaissance.
Absolutely stunning album. Great transitions between tracks. Vocals are amazing, as expected form Queen B. Overall amazing cohesive album.
Whatever sound Beyonce tries makes it hers. This album is a masterpiece. It is experimental but on the same time very unique. The transitions are amazing! Beyonce did that again!
Sensacional demais..........................................................
Que álbum incrível! É diferente de tudo que ela já fez, as músicas se conectam, te contagia. Só quero ouvir e ouvir mais, que voz! Beyoncé é uma artista que sempre vai te surpreender e sempre tá em evolução.
The queen has done it again... It's unbelievable that this woman who came out 25 years ago can still sound so fresh and excellent!!! Bravo Bey, Bravo!!!!!
O álbum é maravilhoso , dançante com uma produção maravilhosa ! Beyoncé nunca deixa a desejar.
Easily one of Beyoncé's best albuns. Once again she's able to deliver an extremely cohesive body of work.
100/100...................................................................................
Beyoncé mais comercial e genial do que nunca. Quem imaginou que um dia ela cantaria musicas como Cuff it, Virgo’s groove e Thique???
You can see the effort Beyoncé put into this album. Despite being unlike anything she has ever done, she makes a House album with mastery and a lot of respect for the origins of the genre.
Slay Queen, no one does like Beyonce, changing game all the time, so fresh and new and sexy, and for the culture!! enjoy every second of the album !!!! its real Renaissance !!! let's dance
I was honestly surprised by the experimentalism of it all. The freshness of it all even though a clear homage to the 80s. Never heard anything like this. The most outstanding songs for me currently are Alien Superstar, Cuff It, Plastic off the Sofa and Summer Renaissance.
ONE OF THE GREATEST ALBUMS OF ALL TIME!!This album is relentless throughout, providing immaculate production in each track. Not a single song is worth skipping, they are all perfect in their own way
I'm gonna say it: #RENAISSANCE is her best album. Better than Lemonade. Better than the Self-Titled. Better than anything she has put out.The album is a journey: the transitions, the lyrics, the personality this album has. she is experimenting with her voice more than ever. AOTY.Beyoncé didn’t just describe the Pride pride flag on “Cozy” - she specifically described Daniel Quasar’s “Progress” pride flag to bring to the forefront marginalized LGBTQ+ people of color, trans people, and those living with / lost to HIV/AIDS
This album is the best body of work I’ve listened to this year, songs like Alien Superstar, Plastic off the sofa, pure/Honey, Cuff it, All up in your mind, Virgo’s Groove, Heated are sonically perfect.
Beyoncé has once again outdone herself with yet another masterpiece of work. You can hear the years of hard work and dedication she took to make this album. From house to dance to R&B and disco. She hits the mark with each track from this album. My personal favorite as of right now is Cozy. I hope people listen to this with an open mind and take the time to listen and hear the music instead of listening for a brief moment or forwarding the tracks. I cannot wait for the other acts to complete this trilogy.
This is without a doubt Beyoncé's best album. Let's remember, Lemonade is a work of art, but Renaissance, another, even more remarkable for a reason: it is Beyoncé in the purest essence of her, but it is an evolution of this essence of Beyoncé, multiplied by 100
The transitions and the vocals are best part of the album. Love that she takes risk and does something different with each album. This is the type of music where you get up and dance and let loose. Don’t think, just have fun with it! My only complaint is that I was looking for the lyrics to be bit more mature.
What I love about Beyoncé is that she’s one of the few artist who still has distinctive eras but each era still sounds like her. This sounds completely different to Lemonade which sounds completely different to Self Titled. But there’s a common thread between all of them
Life changing, mind boggling, this is exactly what I wanted from Beyoncé. Love it
Now this is how you make a dance album! A 10/10 body of work! She’s done it again!
This is fun! This is summer! This is Beyoncé at her freest. This album is what the world needs right now. You’ll feel good listening to this record.

Imagine doing your best album 25 years into your career? Beyoncé just did it! the transitions, the production, the immaculate vocals. RENAISSANCE ALBUM OF THE YEAR
Definitely top 3 in Beyoncé's discography. The vocals, production and engineering are out of this world. This is Beyoncé at her most care-free!!
Once again, Bey changed her style and DELIVERED. The production is just insane and doesn’t follow the usual structure. It’s light, fun and exciting. From transitions to production to lyrics, perfection
This is the best album Beyoncé ever put out. A tottaly new style and super well thought out. This album puts Lemonade in a corner. I am still overwelmed
Beyoncé has done it again. From l'M THE GIRL to COZY, ENERGY into BREAK MY SOUL, HEATED, PURE/HONEY, closing with SUMMER RENAISSANCE. Un chef-d'oeuvre!
I think that the reputation she has acquired today really allows her to get out of her comfort zone, even if it means losing a few listeners and gaining new ones.She’s experimented a lot with this album, it’s felt and you can hear that she really enjoyed working on it. It’s as if she had put together all her old versions of herself to make it something totally new.No song in this album is static, it moves constantly, and it feels like hearing a new Beyoncé every minute, in the tone of voice she borrows, in her way of singing... This album is really amazing, we don’t realize it yet but it will come.And it further demonstrates this woman’s versatility. Beyoncé is someone who loves music with a great M. She is not limited to a specific genre to express his art. She transcends musical genres and we have already seen this with LEMONADE. Depending on the energy and the message she wants to convey, she will appropriate a musical genre that can correspond to what she wants to communicate, and that’s how she constantly manages to renew herself after more than 25 years of career.It’s never the same Beyoncé twice, and to see her evolve like that, I swear it’s too moving. You can see that she’s matured with her art, even more than before... And you just wonder when it’s going to stop? What are the limits of this woman, seriously !
This album is a blend of the things of the past whilst also have a futuristic sound. Beyoncé is a trend setter. She paves the way and others follow. Her works will outlive her and will be a point of reference years to come!
Production is fire! Thank you Beyonce for bringing back real disco/house music to life. This album is one of your best and music speaks by itself
This is Beyoncé at her most transformative and liberated self. Every song is better than the last and the transitions are immaculate. She proves to anyone who'll protest why she is studied by many colleges and universities. Her artistry expands at an unimaginable rate with every release. It is truly a time to be alive when Beyoncé is putting out music. Standouts are PURE/HONEY ALIEN SUPERSTAR ALL UP IN YOUR MIND and CHURCH GIRL. Absolute masterpiece from beginning to end. 10 out of 10!
Beyoncé glides with ease on this new record. Experimenting with different samples and genres, fusing dance, disco, trap beats with each other to create a whole new genre, whilst consistently delivering the insane vocals shes known for. One dance album with 16 songs, yet not one of them sounds the same. She is thee moment. I stan.
Pure masterpiece. New sound for Beyoncé but it's still VERY Beyoncé. Superb! Excellent! QUALITY!
O melhor album que já ouvi na minha vida toda. Musicalmente perfeito, vocais angelicais e poderosos, as batidas são empolgantes, claramente destinadas a momentos maravilhosos. Não há ninguém como Beyoncé nesse mundo.
This album is so good! Can't listen to it without dancing! Beyonce always experiments and she's not afraid to take risks and elevate her art! Can't wait for the visual!
Beyoncé took a sound that she has never done and truly made it her own! This album pays homage to all the black LGBTQIA+ artist that paved the way for house music. It might take a few listens to get it but when you do... well the music speaks for itself. Her vocal performance on this album is INCREDIBLE! She's hitting notes from her early album days! An incredible listen!!!!
A dance record was what Beyoncé set out to make, and she more than did just that. This album in unabashedly queer, and is a much-needed celebration of underground dance music. Highlights for me are ALIEN SUPERSTAR, MOVE, THIQUE, PURE/HONEY, and SUMMER RENAISSANCE.
Best transition in any album I've listened to. Every track is where it needs to be.
Beyoncé has done it again ! Constantly shifting the bar and raising it. She is the bar she is the moment. In Beyoncé we believe. Pure/honey is my favorite track.
A masterpiece #RENAISSANCE Bey’s album is so good it makes me wanna dance the night away. I grew up in the 90s so this reminds me very much of that 90s dance music scene but like updated and elevated.VIRGO'S GROOVE IS SO GOOD...ALL THE TRACKS FROM THE ALBUM HAVE THIS VIBE BUT THIS ONE IS SUCH A FEELING GOOD SONG LIKE UGHH #RENAISSANCENooo that transition from energy to break my soul had me up likee it was so good break my soul sounded like a new song omfg???? #RENAISSANCE #Beyonce
Renaissance is without a doubt the album of the year!!!!!!! The album has no skips and it is very different than any other Beyoncé album she has released.
THIS ALBUM IS FIRE!!!! I love everything about it omg, I’ve been listening to it since it came out and I get lit everytime
She ATE !!!! She made everything for the gays and the girls. The production is something that make it the best album of the year and the Grammys better don’t play her this time !!!!
Her best album ever!!! The transitions are heavenly this album is very different from all of her other albums. She’s really an amazing person✨
Simplesmente ESPLÊNDIDO! Que honra poder escutar uma qualidade sonora e sair um pouco dessa realidade sofrida e pós-pandemica.
This was a really good comeback album. Completely NO skips. The lyrics are top tier, the beat makes you wanna dance. Everything is top tier. The transitions are so smooth, you have to make sure you’re still listening to the same song!
POP PERFECTION | ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS OF ALL TIME. THE TRANSITIONS, THE EXPERIMENTATION, THE SEQUENCING, THE VOCALS, THE PRODUCTION EVERYTHING TOP TIER
She’s done it again! And this time, it’s better than anything she’s done before. Vibrant, expressive, and sexy! It’s just what we all need after all the doom and gloom of the past few years. Thank you for this celebration of life, Beyoncé!
Um dos melhores álbuns da carreira. Possui uma coesão do início ao fim, ela se reinventa a cada era e dessa vez não foi diferente. Um RENASCIMENTO aconteceu.
EXELLENT ALBUM! Probably her best album to date and definitely, the best album of the decade!!! Beyoncé has done it again!
She is unique and she knows it. Experimental and just the same time as herself. This album comes at the moment the world needs it. Igniting the dance floors. Non-stop is the cherry on top. You won again Miss B. You Did.
This will go down in history as one of the most innovative bodies of work. Her musicality should be studied. This is a genius woman and her creativity knows no boundaries! No one is on her level! The flow of the tracklist, the transitions, the production, the vocal production, the lyricism...only!!! Beyoncé!!!
Album of the year!
I LOVED IT SO MUCHHHHH! ITS ALBUM OF THE YEAR FOR SUREEEEE! BEYONCÉ IS THE MOMENT!
Álbum incrível não tem uma música ruim e quem discorda e fã de artista básica
this is just an astonishing body of work who deserves to be celebrated in every way possible! she's done it again
Beyoncé traz de volta o sentimento que todos nós sentimos falta durante a pandemia,as músicas dançantes do álbum Renaissance com certeza vai tocar em um ligar especial no coração de todos
En producción y sonidos supera a Lemonade, aunque algunas canciones suenan un poco genéricas, aún así, es un álbum idóneo, muchas canciones pueden ser éxitos.Editado: Olviden lo anterior, todo REINASSANCE es una odisea
A celebração do ballroom veio com toda força da forma mais respeitosa possível. Beyoncé nos deu a explicação para o seu jeito "intocável" oferecendo cultura sobre um patamar no qual resgatou para a nossa pista de dança. Aqui é falado sobre amor em suas 2 maneiras: amar a si mesmo e aos outros. Um verdadeiro culto, pode-se chamar de bíblia do vogue.
THIS IS ONE OF BEYONCÉ'S BEST WORKS, EVERY MUSIC CHANGE MADE ME MORE WANT TO GET UP AND DANCE!
I was extremely excited for this album as I loved lemonade, despite not liking all the songs I could still appreciate the songwriting and construction. Unfortunately I cannot say the same for this one, now I love the alternative style of electronic music and sounds but this album was an utter mess and the lyrics are garbage for the most part. Extremely underwhelming. Hopefully the other volumes of this album series is better than the first.
I'm starting with the fact that Bey has my total respect and admiration, but when it comes to this album I'm conflicted.First, this album was cleverly crafted as a whole body of work. Bey is an album artist. You can tell by the finesse each transition has. There is complete and utter attention to detail that should be applauded. That is why I'm giving it a 6.Put simply, this album sounds like a compilation of every musical challenge of Ru Paul Drag race. I despised her talking/mumbling/rap. The lack of singing was LOUD.These are the weakest lyrics Bey has ever come up with. "Category, sexy **** I'm the bar, Alien superstar". She is trying so hard to sound eloquent by using tricky words to say the simplest empowerment ideals.
Overrated white people music to be played in the background, what do you expect tho its beyonce
Amazing album! The way the songs transition into each other is perfect! Beyoncé has once again changed the game.
I love how Beyoncé plays with the rhythms and reinvents herself with Renaissance, innovative album, with incredible energy, thank you Beyoncé for gifting us with this masterpiece.
I didn’t know it was possible but i was a fool to doubt her. She has out done herself once again. 10 10 10 across the board
Ela fez novamente, Beyoncé se superou, ou melhor, se aperfeiçoou como sempre faz. Dessa vez Yoncé mergulhou no Ball e isso foi a melhor coisa que aconteceu nos últimos anos no mundo da música
Absolute dight of an album. The transitions are immaculate. Bey is SINGING. The runs and adlibs, spectacular. She did THAT. She sounds so smooth. Its been on repeat from the moment it released. After every listen I have a new favourite song.
Simply brilliant. The album is cohesive and draws from a lot of influences and yet still comes up with its own sound and vibe.
Beyoncé's joyful return comes with a record that unifies house music back into it's black origins.
When you think of Beyoncé you have a certain expectation of the music you may hear whether that be a classic R&B or Pop record, but between Lemonade and Renaissance she really took everyone for surprise and released something that you least expected from her. Renaissance is a amazingly produced album with beats that will have you getting up to dance or fighting the urge to. From start to finish she keeps you in suspense with what’s to come next and there’s something in each song to feed off of. I will say after my 3rd listen of this album, the closing track “SUMMER RENAISSANCE” is perhaps the BEST closing track I’ve heard for an album. It sends you off with a feel-good dancing record, which samples Donna Summers, that will have you wanting to loop the album and listen from beginning to end again. There’s so much to say about this album and how monumental it is and will be, but with that being said.. this album is a work of art and Beyoncé proves to us once again why she is The First Lady of Music.
This is the best album by Beyoncé to date and you cannot tell me otherwise. I didn't know Bey could make me wanna go to clubs this bad.
Bueno es un buen álbum pero esta lleno de samples y cover, buena voz pero muy egocéntrico
Renaissance is the least cohesive album in Beyoncé's career and her voice is heard as if she had recorded it quickly. I am disappointed that her team only copied and pasted the work of other artists even though Beyoncé has access to the best producers and composers. When do I remember Lemonade; her best album, so far also makes me feel that it is full of interpolations but at least it is cohesive. I hope her other acts are something totally different and there is quality.
Perfeito.O álbum traz claramente um estilo que é desconhecido para os jovens atualmente, fazendo eles dançarem, se divertirem e renascerem.
Really was excited for this album but unfortunately did not meet my expectations for her. The production of course was amazing but the songs just weren’t. I only made it through half the album first listen and had to stop cause it just wasn’t for me
So bad I’m so disappointed she’s way better than Thad
You're always good!! However, the songs (even if structured) look the same, without much surprise or innovation with each track.
Not ascoos as the past not happy with this job beey plastic too its not whay zI
one of the best albums by Beyonce ever ,I think this album si so dancy and cute too
Not into her, but the new song was fantastic, I love it and I want to buy her stood defenatly
The samples are too much !!! And the songwriters are over 150! Its not her sound too , she just have to go back to doing the sound she can do .
She is a musical genius, this album is what we all needed, the transition in each song,her melody, everything is just blended perfectly.
Every second is serendipity, because you never really know what to expect! And if you DO know, you get the complete opposite! This is for every song, every transition, every note! "Renaissance" is a journey into the unknown, with the only guide being Beyoncé herself - our individual knowledge of her. But then again, who really knows Beyoncé? And THAT's the serendipity! I felt like I was discovering facets of hers - and most importantly mine - and my connection to her as an Artist, me a consumer of her Art.
O álbum está simplesmente perfeito!!!A transição de uma música para outra ficou absurdamente bom.... Faz você querer ouvir todo o álbum.
This album is giving me EVERYTHING. It’s amazing to have a full Beyoncé album again after all these years.
Impecável! Uma verdadeira obra de arte, como tudo que a Beyoncé se propõe a fazer. Ela entregou algo diferente e novamente muda os rumos da música pop.
BOMBA, quem gosta dela é doente como ela, nunca será aaliyah que é infinitamente melhor que ela que precisa de mil pessoas pra fazer tudo.
Just Alien Superstar is actually good, I can’t even say nothing about her vocals cause we all know that she can hit the note, but musically nothing new
I listened to the single and didn't like it at all. I don't even remember the title. She used to have great songs...
Great album, I just think we have personally seen stronger albums from this queen of music.
...... Não sou capaz de opinar sobre esse álbum............................
I think it is more of the same that we are used to, and the message does not match what it shows
I‘m sorry but i did not like this album. She just made random noises which sounded terrible
Beyonce a pu réinventer son art et a réussi un coup de maitre avec celui-ci.RENNAISSANCE IS BAE!
A very messy and incoherrent release drom Beyonce, drawing a very sharp contrast to her previous major release Lemonade. She tries to experiment with a new sound and can’t keep up, and it leaves a bad taste in the mouth. Despite Virgos Groove, Summer Renaissance and to an extent, Cuff It and Energy being very solid strongpoints, the rest of the track quickly dilute this by being terrible, the worst being Alien Superstar. The lyrics are just laughable, and the transitions aren’t really smooth as everyone makes them out to be.
Still waiting to be blown away vocally and lyrically. I know she has it in her.
Waiting for beyoncé to go back to her r&b roots. More songs like plastic off the sofa please!! The rest of the album outside that song was so disappointing
Que es esto por que trato de que me guste pero no me gusta? Por favor que alguien me explique por que jo entiendo y no me gusta nada
six years of waiting... this is literally the worst album that could have been released. the lyrics are just about how unique and number one she is, but in reality it's just more tiktok crap. unfortunately or fortunately, Beyonce has been dead creatively for a long time.
Garbage album.. she's just overhyped by delusionals. Nothing by her is loved by general public across the globe..
Very unusual album from Beyonce. Although not a masterpiece like Lemonade was, I like how it is pretty unusual and in some cases strange. The best thing about this album is how the songs are "mixed" and transit immediatelly from one to next one; like Madonna's Confessions on a Dance Floor. Ny favourites: I'm That Girl, Alien Superstar and America Has A Problem.
Absolutely awful album, idk what Beyoncé was thinking with this, she’s so unoriginal, it’s time for her to retire and go take care of her kids Majority of the album is just filled with samples all these writers on the credits and the lyrics sound like they was written by a kid in kindergarten, i guess Jay-z pay roll couldn’t afford better writers.. Beyoncé you suck balls
It's worst album. My ears are hurting right now. Beyonce needs to be retire asap
I think the album could've been better... Tho I think some songs are nice, I was disappointed as a whole. The lyrics were weak
ruim demais, odiei muito. achei as músicas muito nada a ver, sem sentido, não tem relação nenhuma com os álbuns anteriores
This was an awful album. The writing was terrible. She needed help from a million other writers and still managed to make a basic album. She used to sing beautifully, but now she sounds so... hefty. Safe to say I will never be streaming another Beyonce album. She might want to consider retirement.
Album BORING af. U can listen to it once then just forget abt it. But she hasn't made any Good music since 2014 so I guess we shouldn't be surprised.
It's not a groundbreaking album. I as a beystan, feel ashamed of this album. She really went downhill if we compare it to lemonade. Now I understand why this isn't selling worldwide, and not even in the United States. This album is a big NO for me. It would've been more interesting if she had put her sister or daughter in that album. Beyoncé is out of ideas for almost nothing.
The album is cohesive, lyrically rather simple, musically it's okay. Overall it's not super disappointing, but this is not the energy of a Self-Titled album or passion we could hear on LEMONADE. It's a lot, and usually not with good results. Was it way over-hyped? Yes. Is this something I will listen to in a week? No. Will it be a success? Probably yes, because Beyonce. Let's hope other acts are better.1. I'M THAT GIRL - 3/10 - not a fan of the instrumental at all, also once I finished listening to it I forgot what I've listened to.2. COZY - 7/10 - solid, I like the energy here. Would listen again probably.3. ALIEN SUPERSTAR - 6/10 - I like the chorus, verses not only sonically but lyrically sound like RuPaul's reject. I think I would listen again for the chorus.4. CUFF IT - 8/10 - funky, funny, it was just a great journey here!5. ENERGY - 4/10 - I don't hate it, but it's a solid skip for me on this album.6. BREAK MY SOUL - 2/10 - I honestly hate this song so much from the day she released that. And I thought this is the worst I heard on this album. The instrumental is extremely annoying, and the lack of energy in her voice is sad. I feel like this is in the Top 10 only because it's Beyonce and we were waiting 6 years for a proper single. Yet, here we are - we got Break My Soul.7. CHURCH GIRL - 5/10 - lyrically it's okay, but it's another skip for me. It's not bad, just preferences.8. PLASTIC OFF THE SOFA - 5/10 - as above. But longer.9. VIRGO'S GROOVE - 8/10 - As a Virgo myself, I see myself spinning on the rollerblades in the club lights. Great track! Positive, funny, full of energy, amazing piece of work.10. MOVE - 3/10 - this track is a mess, aggressive vocals, boring music, absolutely skip.11. HEATED - 3/10 - I was happy when it ended. Skip.12. THIQUE - 2/10 - I listened to it, but absolutely forgot about that.13. ALL UP IN YOUR MIND - 7/10 - strong, fun, dance-y, this is something I would like to hear on the radio.14. AMERICA HAS A PROBLEM - 7/10 - it's pretty good, I like the beat, sonically it's giving. Chorus is nice. Solid track.15. PURE/HONEY - 6/10 - and again, we have a fun track(s), with raunchy lyrics, and fun beat. I wouldn't say it's as good as VIRGO'S GROOVE, but it's a solid track.16. SUMMER RENAISSANCE - 7/10 - the sample usage is perfection, the beat is extremely fun, and you immediately want to dance. I'm not a fan of the bridge and the ending tho.TOTAL: 83/160 | 5/10
Using the F word every five seconds seemed excessive at times, and it felt like she was just talking in rhythm rather than singing, which is what’s missing on here for me
Worst beyonce album ever, not cohesive at all, seems to be going all over the place. You can do better b
I'm a fan but this album is so disappointing... Beyoncé can do better than this trash album.
This album was awful. One of her worst projects ( yes even after bik and the gift) Do better
there are other albums out there that are better and deserve more credibility
No me gustó para nada!!!! Me decepcionó, esperaba un álbum POP como dijo pero las letras sin sentido, el ritmo no es pop es todo repetitivo, intento como Lemonade pero con diferente ritmo, extraño a la Beyoncé cuando demostraba su potencial vocal, ahora no canta!
I was expecting a much better album. It's BEYONCÉ after all.But hopefully she will redeem herself on the next one.
Lemonade is the best album of beyonces career and for this album to follow feels underwhelming
Nada nuevo, siempre en la misma tonalidad sin innovación, desde Drunk in Love este álbum no tiene una canción que conecte con las personas.
Boring and predictable album with a lot of over screaming ( screeching). Beyoncé music been disappointing a lot. Beyoncé only has about 5 memorable songs
I was waiting for this album so badly just to hear one of the worst album by beyonce
Edit: So this album is surprisingly growing on me already. Some of the songs I was on the fence about before, but liking now are "Virgo's Groove" (shockingly) and the closing track. Still not fond of the lyrics, but I'm really trying to ignore it and just let the production make up for it.- - - - - - -Alright, B7, the album we've all been waiting for.Let's get the negatives out of the way first. With most of the songs, I absolutely love the production, so it's the lyrics that are the biggest problem here, for me personally. To be fair to Bey, not everyone is going to have an issue with this, but I really didn't like the overtly sexual lyrics, especially given that their quality oftentimes wavers. The expletives themselves are fine (in fact, the Princess Loko sample in "I'm That Girl" is one of my favorite elements in the entire album, and I'm pretty sure my soul left for a moment when she said the world is going to be painted kitty pink.), I simply prefer to stay clear of very sensual songs. Even with the subject matter, however, improvements certainly could have been made regarding the lyrics. While it's a dance record, and the lyrics of course don't have to be as deep as, say Lemonade, there's not much of an excuse for literally half of "Plastic Off The Sofa" consisting of the word "baby." There are other times where the vocal delivery seemed a bit off as well for some reason.Now, the positives. :) The vogue ballroom sound is the biggest highlight here, without a doubt. It's talented, brilliant, incredible, show-stopping, and can be put into a blender. Along with that, Bey managed to avoid what seems like the most common problem when artists try ballroom/house, which is everything sounding like the same song. I noticed other reviews mentioning that it does sound repetitive, but I don't think so. It must also be noted how much different this is from all her other albums, so much respect to her for still trying new things after all these years.Something tells me that I'll appreciate Renaissance as a independent body of work a lot more once the trilogy is complete, but, overall, I would say this album is a total vibe, even if it takes some time to get cozy with it. I hope this helps!Favorites on first/second listens: "I'm That Girl," "Heated," "Thique," "Pure"Least favorites so far: "Church Girl," "Plastic Off The Sofa," "Virgo's Groove"
Self-centered. Most songs sound the same. Vocals are extremely disappointing and production is too repetitive. 0
não gostei de nenhuma musica, decaiu demais nossa senhora esperava bem mais
It’s alright. Wasn’t what I was expecting from her. I like her older albums and sound but it’s ok
Sobrevalorada esta señora Sobrevalorada esta señora sorry Sobrevalorada esta señora Sobrevalorada esta señora
esta señora esta muy sobrevalorada y muchisimo diria yo demasiado ash jhdghjgbfjdhfbsdvvcx
Unique, flawless, needed. Beyoncé's new album is the masterpiece we all been waiting for.
Look Beyoncé is an icon, however a lot of her work is overrated. Break My Soul is not a good song and definitely no where near her best. People in it up just because it’s Beyoncé. She can do better than this..
the whole album is copied and pasted. I kinda found the album to cringe not going to lie.
Não foi oq eu esperava, não quebrou minhas expectativas. Eu esperava algo bem maior vindo da Queen B. E também aparetemente esse álbum não é nada comercial igual as pessoas pediam.
I’m just not used to this vibe from her. All the best to this album but not my favorite from her discorgraphy
Beyonce could do better. I’m sorry this album overrated. Love u beyonce but i dont like this
Horrible sin sentido, decepción, hoy perdiste un fan! Esperaba al menos que demuestre como sigue vigente esa voz pero ninguna nota alta puede sostener ahora!
Gostei não, achei sem graça, não tem muito oq ué dizer sobre o álbum, algumas músicas ainda salvam
Beyonce NO this albüm so overrated abd boring im so sorry. I dont like it. :(
Not what i wanted from her at this time.This makes me sadShe could do alooot better
Boring generic turn for her career. Can’t get behind any of it. Don’t understand the hype at all
esperava mais, nao gostei de algumas musicas mas amo a bey!! essa volta dela foi incrivel
I simply don't understand the acclaim for this album. Beyoncé has done much better works.
Not Bey’s best. Very disappointed with this album compared to her previous work.
average album, nothing new, lacked originality and more danceable songs for an album a disco album.
very bad album. demi is better way better stream her new album now yasss she thebest
A great album …………………. Her best work. Love lemonade tho but Thai album sounds great
Slayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras quis eros sit amet nibh sodales vehicula vel id arcu. Suspendisse ac efficitur lacus. Vivamus gravida iaculis feugiat. Pellentesque sit amet efficitur eros. Nunc urna massa, varius ornare est in.
Don’t like the album not a good sound this is boring epeititie and copying drake
I didn’t enjoy the single all too much, albeit catchy, I dislike how the majority of the song as samples, and the originals are better!
Such a disappointing departure from Beyoncé’s amazing sound. Album full of generic sounding pop trash.
Sorry but literally I don’t like it, people say “album of the year” but all song all so equal from each other
Pues no me gustó, pensé que la iba a dar más pero me decepcionó, no creo que sea de sus mejores albums
Not her best album. I love lemonade so it wasn’t the vibe I was hoping for. Still a good album for this genre
It amazes me how overrated she is, her older songs had a cooler style. The lead single Break My Soul is just awful, this song is very repetitive and that's why it becomes so boring. And she does things that have been done before by other artists that haven't received the same recognition...
Álbum superestimado de uma artista superestimada, espero que o próximo seja melhor!
I love this album, its very beutiful and she talks about many things, important things
trash album by a trash artist with trash songs & trash collabs & trash everything
Terrible album, never streaming again in my life. This album was all over the place and had no umbrella genre. She really ruined her discography with this one
expected more from queen bee there’s literally one song that i like from the entire album
vsfvsvfsvhjsbvisrhvbkubvskurvbisufbvskufvbdsviubdsvvdsaeiuvhscdoubaiudbcvdsouhdsbdavb
Mas do mesmo, muito genérico esse álbum e muito chato mesmo não tem nada demais

Pior álbum da Beyoncé sem sombra de dúvidas eu esperava muito mais; por essa espera de 6 anos
This was a super disappointing album from her. Her worst album by far. She used way to many samples, I don’t know why she couldn’t create her own sounds. Overall it was basic and terrible
Nah thank you, one listen was more than enough.I don’t like it. Beyoncé is just a hype and everybody wants to ride on this hype. A comeback after this long time and than you present an album which is not even close compared to other work she has done.
**** trash! Another slay bey bey bey you are so reductive kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Sinceramente não gostei deste álbum da beyoncé não tem nada de inovador um som no qual já estou acostumado a ouvir.
THE ÁLBUM OF THE YEAR! POWER, ART, EXCELLENCE! I LOVE HOW BEYONCE CAN INSPIRE SO MANY PEOPLE WITH YOUR MUSIC! THANK YOU B! RENAISSANCE IS EVERYTHING
beautiful album, beyonce is a wonderful singer. love this era so much, the lyrics is exciting
really not that good....... how is this the album of the year...............
Not anywhere close to my favorite Beyoncé album. I know this is an unpopular opinion, and maybe it needs time to REALLY grow on me (like a lot), but it doesn’t compare to Lemonade.
I'm sorry but it was hard to listen to. I personally didn't like it. You can have your own opinion but this is mine
boring, nothing new in music from beyonce, same old sh*t. give us something better
You all need to STOP PRAISING THIS WOMAN, she is selling her NAME and you're all falling for it because she's Beyonce. If it was any other artist with the same exact songs it would have flopped. Please it's getting ridiculous how y'all eat her music up when it's complete trash.
So, this is probably the biggest musical disappointment I have had the displeasure of being involved in. I really liked Beyonce, but damn, this is trash. the album opens with "I'M THAT GIRL" (all the tracks are cap locked for some reason), it is bad, but not terrible so I was thinking to myself, not a strong start but that's fine, no album is perfect. I finally made it though that song and COZY started up, "WOW, why would someone make anything sound like this on purpose" I thought to myself. Every song is a slog, as i walked though Costco I am sure some people noticed weird facial reactions I was making to vomit leaving my headphones. I kind of think this album was an excuse to say the "F" word a lot, because she probably says it 100+ times in the album. There is a song about how being bangable is really important, PURE/HONEY is such a dumb song.Most songs are 3-4 minutes long and I noticed that they don't actually start for 30-60 seconds. I think this album is supposed to be artistic but comes off bizarre and boring. Beyonce paid like 20 people to write this album and I think it was supposed to be experimental or something, but she and they ain't as good as Donald Glover and can't pull it off.I gave it 3/10 only because i am comparing it to all music i have listened to and not just studio albums, else it would be 1/10.
Self-centered. Most songs sound the same. Vocals are extremely disappointing and production is too repetitive
What literally is this? Doesn’t even sound like Beyoncé. Not one song is memorable to me.
I really wanted to like this but the whole thing is just one big headache. What was she thinking? Go back to your r&b roots beyy
I don't know why I feel the Beyonce fans will dislike this, but whatever.The album is an example of the postmodern term "pastiche" which is the selection of previous artistic work to create something new. I mean even on the Wikipedia page of this album you can see all the sampled songs used in the songs.Do I like it? Some songs are great, some... Not so much. But it could be a grower, FYI Break my soul sounds a lot better in the album than alone. I like the cover tho, which is a representation of Lady Godiva.
This is the most overrated album ever. « Im the best » « Im number one » « Im a bad b*tch »… how the hell this album have 92?! It’s the same thing all over again with the same beat and no originality. Beyonce must paid critics and her fans cause it’s so BORING. Most overrated artist of all time.
Let’s admit it’s not good as those hype suggests.Doubt her music taste and how hard her team struggle to keep up with trends. It’s a complete mess.
Beyoncé viene fuerte con este disco. Temas movidos, pegadizos, bailables y que no van a dejar a nadie indiferente.
This album is unique. Beyoncé elevate herself. The production and the vocals unify in a perfect mix.The message and the celebration behind this record is so important and necessary.
Horrible Album. Horrible Production, Horrible Vocals, Horrible Lyrics. Come on Beyoncé. Draining us of music for 6 years for this mess? Do better.
So Boring and pretentious, she's trying to get into experimental dance music but she sounds flat and soulless trying it
Terrible album, her worst. I'm shocked that years later she produces such inexpressive material. The lyrics are just a nightmare. Poor Beyoncé, her talent has completely left her.
Almost 6 years after the amazing Lemonade, Bey releases Renaissance, an album which isn't bad or inferior, but it just doesnt fit. Vocally, the queen remains a queen, an extremely great singer and vocalist, but otherwise, the production isn't very appreciatable.Furthermore, the album sounds rather repetitive and a sort of monotony after Break My Soul. Lemonade couldn't be topped, true, but Bey could've done better mostly because she is an amazing artist and a phenomenal musician, and albeit I don't exactly hate the experimentation, I feel Renaissance is a rather forgettable album, a sort of poor buildup to what might be an amazing act 2!
She simply can’t sing! But she has a perfect sozial media and internet team to silence bad comments about her (non existing) singing voice. And this team fakes the ratings for example of this side - more than 1800 reviews with a 10? Are you kidding me? Beyoncé is style over substance! She is beautiful and knows how to dress and perform, but she has no talent. The cover of Rennaissance says it all - she is selling not her voice or her music, no she sells her breasts and body. She simply can’t sing!
omg bad bad bad bad album, ableist, complete ableist and offensive i don't understand the rate
Inovador, arriscado, experimental, sexy e com uma produção impecável Beyoncé entrega o MELHOR álbum de 2022 indo de frente em vários gêneros diferentes como o Dance-Hall até o AfroBeat ou Neo-Soul, é uma obra prima em resumo.
boring album. I love Lemonade, Self-titled Album, and 4 but this is terrible.
this album is a mess. this is the same woman who made lemonade. cmon don't play with me
I know a lot of people who enjoyed Beyoncé’s previous works will hate to hear my opinion, but Renaissance is her weakest and most repetitious album so far. If one says she was aiming for consistency, I’ll say that she has outdone herself in this goal and made an incredibly lyrically and melodically boring album. When I was listening to it for the first time, I wondered how such a talented person like Beyonce who once made such bangers as Crazy in love, Single Ladies, Halo, Irreplaceable, and Run the world, could allow to release something so mediocre.
Pelo tempo de espera pro álbum ser lançado, eu realmente esperava mais, afinal é a Beyoncé.
Definitely not her best work. I don’t think I was her target audience, album felt all over the place the lyrics were so juvenile for a woman her age. I wanted more singing less rapping just not my cup of tea. I'll be streaming her older stuff.
This album is a work of art. This album is giving me an actual album listening experience. Every song grows with time. With earphone all different sounds in the ears are out of this world. Production is on fire.
The worst Beyonce album and the worst album of the year. Terrible lyrics, the music is not surprising either, the album is lifeless and inaudible.
It's too mid for it to be a follow up to lemonade. Not dynamic enough in the mood department. Expected a way better album but here we are.
Terrible album, her worst. I'm shocked that years later she produces such inexpressive material. The lyrics are just a nightmare. Poor Beyoncé, her talent has completely left her.
Uma merda sonora, eu teria vergonha de fazer uma coisas dessas, mas os fãs vão dizer que é hino que está maravilhoso, o que convenhamos não está
Look, Beyoncé is great, much props to her for everything that she's accomplished, but unfortunately, that doesn't mean that everything that she puts out is good. And this is certainly not it.There's value in Renaissance's lyrics, but musically, this album is deeply uninspired and falls flat, with shallow and repetitive beats, poor layering, lack of progression and ultimately culminating in a boring hour of music. There's a palpable absence of of musical artistry and the whole thing just feels phoned in to me.
Is she never going to grow up? Still the same sound, which are songs with so little melody, imagination and range, you might as well be in a coma. Repetitive nonsense. Still dresses like a circus trapeze act. The lack of creative evolution and development missed her entirely.....and oy...this album cover is cringworthy. She's just embarrassing.
This project is very beautiful. She gave her all in this and it's very experimental. 10/10
For the most part this is a shallow, stupid, and redundant pop album. Not only is it repetitive, but it lacks the creativity of some of her previous work. But you already know most Beyonce bootlickers are going to chase clout and make severe comments about you in the process if you don't follow along with their obscene pandering over one of the most overrated and phony stars in pop.
Very disappointing. She decided to use samples when it was already done with successful albums and she did nothing new.
Everything is not a masterpiece and this certainly is not. It’s a Marvel Movie in music form. I respect their ability to market the hell out of it. Please stop the comparisons to Prince. Thanks.
Uma decepção, não chegar a ser tão ruim como o chromatica, até tem umas músicas legais, mas no geral é um álbum fraco e chato.
Not what i expected it's beyonce the level should've been something else, it's not giving ,only the album opener is good rest all tracks are giving cardi b and it's ew
El mejor álbum de la década, las transiciones, la producción, y los vocales trabajan genial!
Mas do mesmo, muito genérico esse álbum e muito chato mesmo não tem nada demais
Amazing! Worth all the wait. Queen of the world aaaaaaaa.The Donna sample snatched my weave
This album won't be memorable in the next 10 years.Some great tracks but over very poor
like... it's okay, but i have 70% skips. for me it is not what it is. i waited for this album for so long but stayed dissapointed.
Lixo. Que bosta esse álbum.Lixóooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
This album is a masterpiece in dance music. One of the most sonically sound projects I’ve ever heard. It wrapped me up right from the start and didn’t let me go until the album finished. At times I was speechless. This is constantly engaging and frankly I think this is going to be an iconic album for years to come.
A beautiful body of work. There isn't a skip in sight. It's all I've listened to in the past 3 weeks. It's filled with so many affirmations and makes me want to get up and dance. Beyoncé, girl, you've done it again!
Beyoncé has managed to reinvent herself again and create yet another album that sounds new and fresh coming from her. This album is a homage to the musical likings of her mother and uncle Johnny (rip), her queer fans, the black pop music scene from the 70s, 80s, 90s and more. It just makes sense that she created this album and it's so satisfying. It's what we needed from her. This album just feels RIGHT coming from her. And the transitions make my eyes roll back! The whole album is a dance floor experience and it flows amazingly as a true body of work should.
Álbum ruim ...........................n............... ................... .
Beyoncé never disappoints, she just delivered the AOTY of 2022. Will have it on repeat for a while
Army army army army army army army army army army army army army army army army army
despues de 6 años hace su regreso y demuestra por que es considerada la mejor artista de estos ultimos
é uma obra prima! ela soube mesclar ritmos e gêneros como ninguém nesse álbum, é a maior artista da história SIM
I can’t even describe how bad I thought this album was there are no words really that I can use to describe
Beyonce manages to create an atmosphere that pays tribute to music from the 80s and 90s, but there comes a point where the album becomes timeless.
This album really is a hit or miss; you'd have to love that kind of genre for you to enjoy it. I found the tracks nice but a bit repetitive. Interested in seeing act 2 of renaissance.
her best and most audacious album to date. there are songs to shake your ass to, songs to move your shoulders, songs to just close your eyes and levitate. it's definitely one of those albums you listen on a loop until you realize you memorized all the lyrics. this is beyoncé at 25 years into her career, at her best musically.
The supernova is back, and she is bringing the ballroom! Catch the gloves and the fans! Queen Bey is here, so let’s dance
Simplesmente um ESPETÁCULO! Uma das únicas vezes que escuto um álbum e DE PRIMEIRA amo todas as músicas!
impeccable album, the synchronized songs, the representations that Beyonce made in her songs on the new album is spectacular and that's the word that defines not only the album but also Beyonce
Mais uma vez Beyoncé provando ser a maior e mais perspicaz artista viva, um álbum delicioso que se ouve em um piscar de olhos e deixa o gostinho de quero mais.
Beyoncé has done it again! Quality, bops, production, lyrics, fun, depth, layers, vocals & homages = Renaissance. 25 years into her career and she's still the best. She continues to dive into music's history, and thrives to make it her own! A 10/10 album.
Amazing álbum, with those samples, vocals, beat.One of the best 2022's álbum
The album is a 10. When you listen you have to go in with the mindset of “I’m goin to the club”
Renaissance blew my mind from the first song, truly iconic and legendary! What a time to be alive!
she reinvented herself again... like this sound like ZERO album i heard before
Si, podemos sentir el espíritu de liberación y las vibras dance a través de todo el album; pero en últimas Beyonce nos presenta más de lo mismo. Ya la hemos visto triunfar desde hace dos discos atrás con estos mismos derroteros líricos y culturales, lo cual convierte el acto de escuchar a la artista en una actividad redydante.
Its so good im speechless!She went off with the beats, the lyrics. Whatever song i hear i just wanna dance.
The álbum of the year. Beyoncé gave us Excellence as always. I can say it's her best álbum!
Álbum incontestável. Beyoncé renasceu, trazendo o universo fantástico da era Disco Music. São músicas que não são apenas para dançar, mas também apreciar em casa, no lazer, na academia, etc. Digno de Grammy!!!
Album is nothing but hit garbage. She doesn’t even sing in most of the songs, just mumble raps
⭐️⭐️MY REVIEW⭐️⭐️El disco está OK pero siento que va a ser el que menos escuché de toda la discografía de Beyonce junto con dangerously in fillers
From her incredible vocals to the eclectic, flawless production, this is easily Beyoncé's strongest, most cohesive album. To think it's just the first of a three-act run is mind-blowing.
I loved the album but I didn't love it since it doesn't sound like Beyonce if it doesn't sound like an album that has elements of reggaeton. The only song I liked was Break My Soul since it has an excellent video clip. But I think the record could have been better
masterpiece genius! beyonce has done it again. constantly raising the bar for all of us!
Long, flat, basic, repetitive and weird collection of songs with any meaning
It’s a beyoncé album there is obvious hype around it. I was waiting with anticipation for this album but upon hearing the lead single was very worried. The lead single, to be blunt, was awful. The album was not awful but it was not good.it was not cohesive but at the same time all the songs dragged along the same way. it was not shocking and there was no innovation in there. the vocals sound like she recorded them the day before they were due and rushed it. the production is messy and still boring. this is the worst album beyoncé had ever released and it’s very disappointing.
I'm not a hardcore Beyoncé fan, but I enjoyed listening to this album, although I found some songs to be repetitive.
Beyonce shifting to new genres? Beyonce reinventing herself? I believe none of them is correct: with this album, she simply perfects her craft - creating Albums with a strong cultural background and collage-like song production. And this work is her best example of doing that.
Beyoncé gives a super elaborate tour in the most exclusive queer clubs of the 90s to celebrate the culture once again. Everything is crafted to perfection, with seamless transitions, highs and relaxing moments, harmonies and background adlibs for days and vocals only Bey could deliver. A magnum opus in her discography.
Beyonce has done it again! Creating a body of work, while showing her musicality and versatility. Proving she can tackle any music genre, while still maintaining her musical identity and transcending music fads. She remains the artist/vocalist/entertainer of her generation. This is the album of the year, Well done Beyonce!
Amazinggggg I love this album with all my heart her best one yet please stream it!!!
this is a masterpiece!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I just cannot stop playing the album!
Feels like experimental album but immaculate and cohesive. Easily my favourite Bey's album after her self-titled album.
Beyonce is showing us how she can go... This album is a masterpiece, an experience.
I mean this is so dope! Alien Superstar, Heates, Summer Renaissance and more!
She’s number one, one of one, the only one. We didn’t need more proof that Beyoncé is a once in a lifetime artist but here she goes raising the bar on herself once again. Every song is brilliant on its own and they are perfectly sequenced with absolutely seamless transitions. Anyone hating on this album is playing themself.
The album shows yet another side of Beyoncé, another experimental version. This album brings the joy and excitement out of the listener. From house to funk and references from ballroom culture this album unites everyone on the dance floor. It is not surprising how amazing her vocals sound and the production is top notch. The flow from one song to the other deserves a Grammy on its own!
This album is amazing. This might be my favorite body of work from her. So mature, so fun and so free. She outdid herself on this one.
O álbum pretendeu ser experimental? Acho que todos esperavam uma pegada mais break my soul. Não fiquei animado.
In my opinion this is her most creative album. She just keeps getting better with time. This album is a journey from beginning to end!!! AOTY
I loved Beyonce's previous 2 albums to death, they were absolutely magical, I've also seen here live just a few years ago. But man this album is boring. There's like 3 great tracks (including the last track) but everything else is just repetitive, uninspired drums and the same damn topics as 2000-2005..
This is album of the year material without doubt. Who is doing it like this?!
A masterpiece ❤️ i love it from the first song to the last one. Thank you so much for alla the love that you put in you art.
The best album of the year so far along Dance Fever, hands downBeyoncé raising the bar once again
Two decades of honed showmanship have imbued her with an inimitable popstar poise and a peerless understanding of songcraft. She's texturally ambitious, both in the beat selection and in the way she weaponises her own instrument, but she never feels uncomfortable across a whole palette of sounds pulled from the many dance subcultures of the black diaspora. From ballroom to bounce round to dancehall and disco, with side orders of reggaeton and hyperpop (???), there's nothing she can't do at this point. Album of the year. Every detail in its right place. Sequenced as an event and rightfully so. Greatest living pop auteur. Tour is going to be insane.
Renaissance is just a stellar work of art. The production and sound is just exceptional; I love how experimental the whole sound of the album is, how flawlessly the shifts between different sounds and styles are while still keeping the album sounding very cohesive which gives the album a very unique sound as a whole, how perfect the transitions from one song to another are, and the use of influences from genres that are more underutilized nowadays like disco. Beyoncé's vocal performance and deliveries were outstanding. The lyricism is superb. My favorite songs are Alien Superstar, All Up in Your Mind, Virgo's Groove, Break my Soul, and Thique. The cover art is gorgeous; the outfit, makeup, hairstyling, the glowing crystal horse just perfection one of the best album covers I've ever seen. An A+ album, my favorite album I've heard this year so far and one of the best dance records I've every listened to.
Ima be honest i didn't really care for the album too much first listen, but after each listen it got so much better, I love all the tracks and her vocal & sonic experiments, this became my fav B album very easily
Best album of the best artist live. Queen B is god of the music, love you mommy
Queen B always experiments in the right way. Nothing but quality (unsurprisingly) 10/10!!!!
Beyoncé did it again! Making the most cohesive and relevant album of the year. I cant wait to watch the visuals!
All 16 songs are freaking amazing! If your not a fan of real singing then this album ain’t for you.
An amazing album, Beyonce shows the world why she's the moment since the begun
My favorite Beyoncé albm out of the latest 3. A dance house masterpiece with some afrobeat songs. Very cohesive too despite the mix of artists & genres. Wonderful transitions between tracks. Only flaw is Plastic Off The Sofa, mid song to me.
Beyoncé created her masterpiece on music industry. It's the best album made on pandemic
Such an amazing album, truly her best!! Can’t stop listening omg!!!!!!!!!!!!
Melhor álbum dos últimos 10 anos e o melhor da carreira dela. Zero erros. A mulher destruiu com esse trabalho perfeito!
A real masterpiece. This is what the world needs: ART! It brings a mix of rhythms with an amazing harmony. The context of the album is absolutely wonderful!
Mais uma vez entregando excelência e qualidade em sua arte. Produção impecável e trazendo referências do passado para o presente da forma mais bonita.
O álbum está um luxo, perfeito do início ao fim.É aqui que entrega o prêmio de álbum do anoooooo
Esse é de longe o maior e melhor trabalho executado pela nossa rainha. Parabéns Beyoncé! Estou viciado
Todas as camadas que esse álbum trás só mostra o quanto Beyoncé foi meticulosa e cuidadosa em trazer esse ritmo de volta de maneira majestosa
is the most cohesive album of century! and with smooth transition per song . its definitely bodyof work
MASTERPIECE, still don’t understand how this project consists of different sounds but it’s cohesive. Beyoncé is really one of one
Honestly, Renaissance is her best album to date! The vocals, the transitions, the great energy that it radiates; it’s a masterpiece!
You gotta giver her 10 when it's needed. Glad she experimented with this new sound and sampled so many amazing other artist.
Album is so beautiful. I’ve never heard something like this before. The production, the vocals, so fun and I feel so happy listening to it. Queen bay has done it again. 10/10 ofc
Renaissance is an actual masterpiece. The more you listen, the more you'll love. The way every song is tied together without being the same is just one way in which the album is perfectly executed. The album is literally skipless.
10/10 o álbum. Transições perfeitas, vocais impecáveis, letras poderosos e uma batida contagiante. BEYONCÉ entregou mais uma vez muito qualidade. Melhor álbum dela sem dúvidas.
She has never been freer than this. She spits, she coos, she howls. Its **** amazing in that it is eclectic but also super cohesive as a whole. And she sents us straight to disco heaven for a whole hour.
Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love
it's absolutely insane. not a single miss beyonce ATE this up! her #2 best album sorry
Beyoncé returns with her new seventh studio album "RENAISSANCE", combining juicy R&B vocals, famous samples of yesteryear, as well as rhythms of house, electronic and R&B music. celebrating the rights of blacks and LGBT-people, giving back to her uncle, who was a great inspiration for Beyonce, in addition, the album does not follow the formula of ordinary pop music, going beyond it, transforming and developing throughout the album, it's like club compositions and trap tracks.The album is not as intimate as the previous "Lemonade" album, but as comprehensive, atmospheric and expanding as the "Beyoncé" record.Rolling Stone called Beyoncé the greatest artist of our time, and "RENAISSANCE" proves it, the record is a great start to future albums Beyoncé has been recording during quarantine
One of the best albums of the year by far. Beyoncé delivered a fresh sound compared to her previous work, appropriating house and ballroom culture, so strong between queer and black people during the mid/late 20th century. An iconic and powerful work I would say.
Good! .
amazing album. she perfected the art of a sample here and used every sample in such creative ways. every single song on here hits!
THE greatest to ever do it. she’s on a league of her own. she has no peers. the only one she’s competing against is herself and she wins every time.
Production, vocals, house vibes. I love the tribute to black lgbt. The whole musicality of this album is just lush. Her best in my opinion.
One of the best Beyonce's albums. The transitions are a work of art. There's not a single bad song in here.
"Renaissance - act i" traz uma abordagem totalmente nova na carreira de Beyoncé. Músicas que despertam os melhores sentimentos nos ouvintes e faz eles dançarem! Seus vocais impecáveis e uma produção espetacular fazem deste álbum um dos melhores projetos da cantora.
A masterpiece. This love letter to the black and queer community is overwhelming on each listen, in the best way possible. Her referential artistry is at its peak.
She really outdid herself again… Beyoncé has been a force in the industry always reshaping how music is presented and made, and at this point I thought «Can she do it again?» and the answer is yes. It sounds fresh but also has the best hints of nostalgia from how the 80s and 90s infused us with disco and house. I would recommend you to listen to the whole album, as the transitions and the production is just so well made! Beyoncé, you will still get to keep that crown, and after this, probably forever
album of the year actually. church girl best song off the album. any other song is wrong.
THIS IS AMAZING.ANOTHER MASTERPIECE BY BRYONCÉSHE HAS BEEN THE BEST ARTIST ALL TIME
Beyoncé really wanted to tap into something different for her and you can tell just by the production, lyrics, and features. You can tell she had fun making this album, and I appreciate how she uplifts the LGBTQ+ community by highlighting Ballroom culture.
She is just the MOMENT, Beyoncé you are the greatest artist of all time, thank u for that album
Simplesmente eu estou cada vez mais impressionado em como a Beyoncé consegue se reinventar e mudar toda uma massa musical , ela sempre usa sua arte para fazer resignificaçoes necessárias ,fora que os vocais estão insanos de perfeitos
This is a bold, daring and ingenious piece of work. 25 years into her career Beyoncé is still pushing the boundaries of what it means to be a trailblazer.
Bey is doing a great job at entertaining us. This album is terrific, the production, the amount of layers in the song is just amazing. The vocals and rhythms makes you dance, it makes you happy. It is definitely the album of the summer
This might be her best album. So beautifully curated , the vocal layering , the adlibs. EVERYTHING
unlike anything Beyoncé has ever done, this work is passionate, brilliant, gives us nostalgia and hope for a future, simply wonderful
one of best albums of all times, she is so huge for that made a whole album get better than our expactations. she is literally the GOAT.
Son meilleur album avec Lemonade pour moi. Il est tellement addictif, l’album s’écoute en entier et d’une traite.
Renaissance is a masterclass performance by Beyoncé. She has continuously challenged herself to grow artistically and this album is testament to that! A beautiful work of art.
Esse é o melhor álbum dela, a transição de uma música para a outra é perfeita. Ela novamente acertou em cheio nesse álbum, estou muito orgulhoso de onde ela chegou
Una expresión de energía totalmente refrescante, fluida, divertida y a la vez con una estructura profesional, arreglos vocales y armonizaciones impactantes. Pura excelencia.
The only right answer is 10/10 100% this album is well thought out and beautiful I listen everyday and feel refreshed
A cohesive body of work. The transitions, the vocals are perfect. Thank you Beyoncé for this album !
Fantastic work! Beyonce has outdone herself, again. It is a fresh sound, and sounds completely different from her previous works. An ode to the 70's, 80's, and 90's house sound. A+
PERFECTION! DANCEFLOOR IS VERY READY FOR THIS! BEYONCÉ NEVER DISAPPOINTS!!
Sem dúvidas um dos melhores álbuns de todos os tempos. Transições e samples muito bem colocados, dando originalidade e nostalgia. O Álbum do ano e o melhor dos últimos 5!
em seu novo álbum, beyoncé nos mostra o porque de ser uma das grandes artistas da atualidade, desde as composições, chegando até as transições entre as músicas, que, muitas das vezes, você nem se quer percebe que a faixa foi trocada, exceto pelo nome da mesma. as camadas das melodias, samples, te leva a um novo mundo totalmente diferente de tudo que beyoncé já decidiu fazer em sua carreira..
Beyoncé’s magnus opus. This album is dance music perfection. Cohesive from track 1 until the end, and the transitions are just to die for.
This album is a true body of art. The flow and transition from one song to the other is breath taking. Thank you for blessing us with the universe wonder called Renaissance. We love you deep deep.
Renaissance, the first act to a highly anticipated trilogy, is one of the best albums I’ve ever heard. From “I’M THAT GIRL” all the way to “SUMMER RENAISSANCE”, Beyoncé gives us a one-way ticket to a fantasy filled with colorful harmonies, lyrics on self-affirmation, groovy synths and basslines that makes us realize why we love music in the first place. This is a celebration for the under appreciated pioneers of house, disco, ballroom, hyper pop, and afrobeats all coming together. In her letter, she dedicated this album to the LGBTQIA+ community and her late Uncle Johnny. Renaissance is very queer, it’s beautiful, and surely makes you want to get up and bust a move. It’s exciting to hear how much she has evolved over time and you never know what her next step is.She is simply a genius. Thank you Beyoncé!
Amazing!! Had it on repeat since release and can’t bring myself to listen to anything else
Magnífico, sonoridade única. Beyoncé se reinventando de novo. Nota 10. Ela trouxe o disco de volta para o século 21. A parceria com a grace jones está espetacular.
A masterpiece and one of Beyoncé’s best body of work. She knows what she is doing and delivers on it. Loved it!
That's a masterpiece, Beyoncé worked even harder to give us an amazing album
Beyoncé consegue se superar a cada entrega. Esse álbum é extremamente dançante e contagiante. Não vejo a hora de me jogar na pista com essas músicas.
Best album! Beyoncé is The Queen! GOD! I love só Much! Best album really! The queen of the queens!
I LOVE IT!! Beyoncé is the greatest performer and singer all The time! I've have seen her work since 2013 with the self titled album!
Applause, applause, applause, applause, louder, louder, louder, louder cuz you know she delivered songs that sound really good. Thank you B ❤️ You always surpassing yourself in different ways in music outside the bubble.
As always Beyoncé never fails to disappoint to give the world an almost cinematic experience simply through our audio devices. Her album knows no bounds and her ability to transcend common expectations and while also honoring quality, legacy and a genuine love of artistry is unlike any artist ever seen before!
ALBUM OF THE YEAR ! After 25 years of career, Beyoncé keep reinvent herself as each of her 7 solo albums doesn’t sound the same ! Excited for the next act, it’s just the beginning…
This is Beyoncé like we've never heard her before! A masterpiece from top to bottom; exceptional production, immaculate transitions, risky but it works! Let's not forget the VOCALS but excellence like this is just about expected of the virtuoso. Her best album to date
MASTERPIECE!!! VOCALS/QUALITY!!! BEY IS BACK AND SHOWING GIRLS HOW ICONS DO IT!!!! LET'S DANCE!
RENAISSANCE feels like a ballroom disco album from venus year 2025. Beyoncé f-ed us all up. We’re gonna endlessly vogue the floor and house down.
Beyoncé you did it again I feel sonically this album is the best sounding album that Beyoncé has recorded to date. I can honestly say no Beyoncé album sounds the same I love that each era she takes the time to make them sound and look completely different from the other. Alien Superstar just might be the best song Beyoncé has ever recorded, I feel that this record is definitely before it’s time but I hope that it gets it’s just due because it’s amazing. There are also so many LGBTQ+ contributors to this album which is also amazing. For so long LGBTQ+ have been put on the back burner in the entertainment industry it’s nice to finally see them get the spotlight. This album will definitely have a lot of longevity.
No matter what your musical preferences are you can’t help but to appreciate the quality of this album. Between the flawless production, and the olympic display of vocal ability by Beyoncé, you barely have time to take it all in with the seamless transitions. This album is what artists should study going forward because like she said “I am the bar.” It may come off as a cocky phrase to someone who isn’t paying attention but Beyoncé proves yet again that she is an unstoppable force who is able combine her years of experience with her ever-growing vision to continue to present world-shifting art.
Such a cohesive and well-thought-out album. You can hear the joy everywhere on this record.
She really did THAT. Haven’t stopped listening to the album since it’s been released
Very experimental album. It's Beyoncé like you've never heard her before. A cohesive and well put together work of art, the tracks all flow into themselves. She's outdone herself once again, there was never any doubt about it to begin with. An amazing artist through and through.
É mais que um álbum novo é a reinvenção de uma era, Beyoncé mais uma vez conseguiu se reinventar e trazer algo novo, algo fantástico escutar Renaissance é uma experiência incrível, parabéns Beyoncé você é igual a vinho, só vem melhorando através do tempo.
It's the Beyonce's renaissance! The album has the best opening with "I'm that girl", "Cozy" and "Alien Superstar". The real dance music is alive. The musical transitions are so nice. UNIQUE!!! Thank you, B! I love you.
Beyoncé once again leaving her conform zone and showing us why she is the biggest
Announced via an Instagram bio, nothing could prepare one for such a euphoric, ecstatic and total bop of a project. Renaissance has been carefully crafted for those who love to dance, have fun and just enjoy life! An album that is extremely needed in today’s society where the threat of recessions, war and health problems can become overpowering, but no one or nothing can overpower Queen Bey! I would dare say Renaissance knocks Self-Titled off the top spot of Beyoncé’s whole discography!
this album is so grooving and dancy and so relatable. she really felt comfortable doing this project and you can tell. the production, vocals, the sampling. everything’s on par. she even done her research and involved the black lgbt and dance pop artists before her. she deserves her flowers
Her best album! My favorites are All up in your mind (underrated), America has a problem and alien superstar :)
It’s crazy to think that Beyoncé managed to top Lemonade with this album, and after three (THREE!!) projects with visuals, she convinced the world that her album does not need them to be good.Truly an one of one, nobody can’t think like her.
Truly a RENAISSANCE
Excellent from top to bottom. The 1hr 2 min go by so fast that you have no choice but to restart the whole thing from the top, the transitions are top tier, and you can tell that she really took her time to perfect this album. Worth the wait for a solo Beyoncé album.
Simplesmente uma obra de arte! Transforma a o disco/house music em algo completamente novo.
10s 10s 10s accros the board. L’album rayonne, un coup de maître de la part de Beyoncé.
The album is wonderful, the way the songs connect with each other in the transitions is perfect. Beyoncé once again overcoming and showing that she always runs the game!
I am a bit of a reserved person, but this album makes me want to get up and dance ( of course when no one is around lol). The songs make me feel good and free. The album sounds really fresh compared to other albums I've listened to. I like the fact that she released the clean version of the album too. The only criticism I have is the album cover, although iconic, I wish she was more covered.
Best album of the last decade period, her soaring vocals, homage to the lgbtq community is un comparable. Smooth transition cap off the perfect album, the queen is back taking charge
A complete project from beginning to end. A genre-bending explosion of talent.
Her best album pure, this is Beyonce doing what she's best at"owning", she turnt it up in a genre she's foreign to ,I love her and please stream this work of art
It's ridicoulos, her seventh solo outing finds Beyoncé at her very Sasha Fiercast, dropping F-bombs like loose change, straddling lovers like a dominatrix, strutting around a loud, bass-filled space carved out in great part by queer music-makers of colour, an arena explicitly dedicated to Black joy and sensual pleasure.
Perfeição do universo musical, a maior artista em vida da história da humanidade e sobre Renaissance direi aos meus primogênitos que na história foi um movimento cultural criado por Beyoncé PERFECT
nothing similar to her previous albums, but Beyoncé on the other hand did an impeccable job!
This álbum is perfect. Beyonce always being the best alive. Nothing can compare
Still a 10, still a QUEEN, she knows what she do and this such a good album to dance and feel in the mood
Her best work to date. The way she constantly tops herself is outstanding. She’s a once in a lifetime artist and we should be grateful that we’re living at the same time as her. There will never be another Beyoncé.
Renaissance é sexy e super divertido, feito para celebrar, feito para dançar e enlouquecer. Já Beyoncé, é forte em qualquer fase ou estilo!
No es un mal disco, pero no me hizo sentir satisfecha al terminarlo. Sus letras dejan mucho que desear pero su producción es grandiosa.
No geral, é um trabalho muito positivo e a reconhecer na carreira de Beyoncé que decidiu fazer algo diferente e acertou. Ainda assim, apesar de ser um album algo coeso, em certas músicas, falta algo...talvez conteúdo, alma. Para mim, a primeira metade do álbum é ótimo e o álbum como um todo, poderia ser melhor se fosse mais curto e se as músicas não fossem tão exaustivas.Ainda assim, como referi, o saldo é positivo.
10/10 Album of the year, soo good this album, the transitions everything 10/10!!!
The best, most cohesive I think I have ever heard in my life. Renaissance is an instant classic. If you don’t like this album then I’m really not sure what to tell you or how I feel about you.
After the hype has become less I listened to the album and must say that it is the first Beyoncé album that entertains on complete length. No bad songs but only absolute bangers.
Obsessed! Another legendary art from Bey! And hearing her isolated vocals for each song made me even more addicted to this album.
The best album that has been released since her own Lemonade. She keep reinventing herself and the genres she touch gets upraded. Queen B after all!
This woman just left Lemonade in the dust. I'm gagged. This album is fun, party, it's LIFE. It's already eternal.
Beyoncé’s seventh studio album is a celebration of identity. In celebrating her own identity in some moments beyonce is letting us celebrate ourselves on the dance floor - encouraging us to be “cozy in my skin” and“UNIQUE”. She synthesises so many genres of music in this album and does so beautifully. It feels experimental in the way the beats change throughout the song but you never feel bored - it’s an antidote for short attention spans in this post TikTok world. It’s going up there in the list of my favourite beyonce albums and I’m so excited for what act 2 and 3 have in store!
TERRIBLE ALBUM! Not a single good song on it. This woman is so overrated. This is as trash as Adele's new album. How can anyone like this is beyond me.
Beyoncé always raises the bar! The production is next level. Incredible quality of songs from writing and samples to her timeless vocals.
Album of the year! This work proves that Beyonce is the greatest artist of her generation, she's still fresh and causing bubbling after 25 years of career
best album of 2022, beyonce amazed all of us at her versatility now with dance house music.. this is just for pretty it girlies so you ugly **** stay BACK! 10/10 give her AOTY already nobody will top it in the 4 months remaining of the year
O jeito que cada faixa se encontra na translação de uma para a outra, Beyoncé não poderia escolher outro nome para o álbum, há não ser RENAISSANCE, é como se cada faixa entregasse um ato, uma história, e as faixas seguintes se conectam para que no final do projeto toda essa obra vire um RENACIMIENTO, Beyoncé entregou tudo, e ela sabe que entregou 10/10!Mal posso esperar para o Act 2 & Act 3
It's amazing how Beyoncé innovates with each album released. I feel like with this album she doesn't need to prove that she's the greatest artist alive... because she IS the greatest artist alive!
it’s one of the most cohesive albums i’ve heard in a while… she continues to reinvent herself while giving flowers to her pioneers and staying true to herself.
Virgos Groove, Break My Soul, Heated, and Summer Renaissance have been on repeat since release but all are good tbh. Much needed summer album!!
Talento aclamação sem palavras pra descrever o nível de perspicaz que ela foi com esse álbum
Start to finish there not a single skip! This is a body of work. Also the transitions are effortlessly good.
This album is beyond perfection. Period. Album of the Year. Album of the Century.
This album is a masterpiece! Vocals, production and lyrics all on point. The way one song transition to the other is incredible
Esse álbum é verdadeiramente uma obra de arte, começando pelas transições que são incríveis. A cada álbum, Beyoncé se inova sem medo das críticas, porque ela sabe que é f...Bey is back, bow down...
The best album of this year. She constantly raises the bar and this genre is something she hasn’t done before. The production is top tier on this album and I was blown away when I heard it and it got no skips. Well done!
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
A pop record, dancing and full of life and good vibes. I can't wait to be able to dance this song on the dance floor. Beyoncé is a legend, she once again delivers excellence and genuine music.
The seventy-nine-time grammy nominated and twenty-six-time Grammy award-winning pop and R&B legend Beyoncé returns with another official studio album since her fan-favorite album 'Lemonade' dropped in 2016. If I were to describe this album in a simple way, it would be something Drake would be jealous of: a well-executed dance-pop/house album. Beyoncé comes through with wonderful, sweet, and groovy but also hard-hitting dance tracks that are screaming to be played by a DJ in a club.The way the album starts off is excellent. The intro track "I'M THAT GIRL" with the hard-hitting bass is guaranteed to give any listener a stank face, followed by the catchy "COZY" and my personal favorite "ALIEN SUPERSTAR"; a track that keeps evolving as you listen more, with hints of Right Said Fred in Beyoncé's "way too classy" melody. "CUFF IT" is the most poppy-sounding track on the album, and is all around very mellow. I'm a fan of the horns on this song, as without them it would be the blandest track on the record.As you get to the middle of the project, things begin to slow down. "BREAK MY SOUL" is the most snooze-worthy track on the record, followed by the unsatisfying and confusing "CHURCH GIRL". This track is just all over the place in the worst ways possible. "PLASTIC OFF THE SOFA" is alright, with Beyoncé showing off her vocal ability well however it seems to drag a bit at four minutes fourteen seconds long. "VIRGO'S GROOVE" is where the album begins to pick up again. This is the longest track on the album, clocking in at six minutes and eight seconds long. This song is a great groove (as the title suggests). Grace Jones and Tems both shine on "MOVE", and Beyoncé's flow makes this song fun and bouncy to listen to. The bass on "THIQUE" and "ALL UP IN YOUR MIND" just hit like nothing else, and are by far my favorites on the album following "ALIEN SUPERSTAR".This album is all-around solid from Beyoncé. Despite some underwhelming moments, Beyoncé shines through with some great moments of dance-pop, proving that she is capable of much more than people may think. Beyoncé is not finished dominating the music industry just yet.
So we’ve all been looking forward to a party - this glittery, energetic, dance orgy of an album that all the hype-meisters kept promising. We’re all going to break out of the oppressive shackles of society and celebrate now that Bey’s here to empower us!It’s not that though. Some of it is actually quite dark. And sequential. Some of it actually wallows in a brooding anger. Like pissed-but-dancing-about-it territory. It’s great to acknowledge one’s rise out of the mire - although, at times, this album feels more focused on the mire than the rise - and betrays its own mission statement in the process. I didn’t feel any better about life, or myself, after listening to this than before I started - so I’d say we’ve got a case of false advertising. Let’s just make raspberry lemonade out of what life throws at us instead and we’ve got a pretty decent album.
Sonoridade perfeita. Renaissance tem uma conexão tão perfeita, que ouvir apenas uma faixa parece ser pecado
Excellent album, with meaningful, empowering lyrics...what I was expecting from Lizzo's "Special" but didn't get.
Something never done before. Fresh. Disco. Futuristic. Innovative. Cohesive. Vocals. And most importantly G*y! Beyoncé will never let you down. Production is insane. Finally something that will make you get up and dance.
Best album of the year so far after CRASH by Charli XCX! The diversity on the sounds is INSANE. Keep up the good work Bey
Renaissance is the best album of this decade, you ate again Beyoncé, thank u so much for that.
She keeps pushing boundaries with her art. This album is a masterpiece and definitely one of the best work released this year!!!
ESSE ÁLBUM É LINDO!! UMA OBRA DE ARTE, MELHOR ÁLBUM DO ANO, eu tava querendo um álbum assim esse ano, único especial e tão CALIENTEEEEEE, Beyoncé sempre entregando tudo que mulher incrível, maravilhosa e tão únicaI love this album, is a masterpiece of music, is art and the album of the year, I’m sure about that
It's been a while since we've had a solo studio project from Beyoncé, queen of the industry. There's a saying that all good things come with time, and it surely did with Renaissance. The flow, the techniques, the vocal performances, the features, the instrumentals... everything about this album is perfection. It feels like Beyoncé has fully embraced her power on an album without holding back. An album so joyful, full of life, love, and confidence. She took her time and it shows. We couldn't be more grateful to live in a time where Beyoncé is receiving her well-due flowers for all her hard work throughout the last decades, and this feels like her new peak.
Is a so especial album! A re-encounter with black musical history. From disco to vogue to pop ballad, Renaissance gives us a deep dive into the black music of the 80s, with a good Afrofuturistic touch. The transitions are spectacular, I'm blessed to be able to hear B7.
Amazing 10/10 i have no words, and i am not a beyonce fan, at least i wasn’t
LEGENDARY! Great if you need a confidence boost and getting ready for something.
She gave her all in this album. It’s something we’ve never heard from her, and it’s fun! I personally would say it is her best album, however, I know that most people wouldn’t agree so, I have to say it is definitely her best album sonically.
El sonido es impresionante, muy elaborado, trabajado y consagrado de la mejor manera posible. Es cierto que en muchas canciones hemos pensado, ¿qué es esto?, ¿qué género estoy escuchando?, ¿qué tipo de mezcla, que creación es está Beyoncé? Y eso me asusta y me gusta muchísimo, Beyoncé cada vez nos deja más y más claro que es una living legend, nos ha dado un proyecto que está unos niveles de adelantado a su época que no son ni medio normales, pero a la vez con sonidos de generaciones biende anteriores, literalmente esto es un avance para la música en general. A nivel vocal, es difícil que Beyoncé haga un proyecto que no esté sobre 10, pero en este caso ha sido sobre muchísimo más de lo que puede una persona ennumerar con sus dedos (manos y pies). Lo mucho que ha experimentado con su voz forma parte de lo increíble que es este proyecto y lo especial que lo hace. Las lyrics son sorprendentemente buenas, cuando salió Break My Soul, pensé que sería su peor album en cuanto a lyrics y me como mis palabras con patatas, genuinamente Beyoncé y el rap-singing es una cosa que NO SE PUEDEEEE. Aun que el concepto no sea tan elaborado como lo fue su predecesor, Lemonade, el proyecto es incluso hasta el más arriesgado, ambicioso y rico que ha hecho Beyoncé hasta la fecha. Por supuesto que es el álbum más cohesivo que he escuchado nunca, lo conectado que está entre pistas y las transiciones??? Son completamente cosa de otro mundo. Francamente parece una única canción de 1 hora con una serie de cambios, creo que es el ejemplo perfecto de lo que es un no album que sea una playlist de canciones y ya. La felicidad que me ha transmitido esta persona es completamente desmedida así que si, en cuanto a persuasive es un sí. En cuanto al cover art o los visuals que estan llegando poco a poco, pues chapó es que llega un momento en el que q voy a decirrrrrr es Beyoncé coñoooooo
Renaissance is one of Beyoncé’s best projects—if not her best. Each song is exquisitely crafted, pairing Bey’s otherworldly vocals with outstanding production. Through this record, Renaissance affirms and celebrates key aspects of Black LGBTQ+ creatives and icons through samples, lyric references, and including queer musicians in her team. By bringing this seminal but often forgotten subculture to the forefront of pop culture, Beyoncé elevates a community at a time when queer individual’s humanity and culture are daily under threat. While also deeply invested in celebrating Black queerness, Renaissance is an exhilarating dance album. Curated for the dance floor, every song seamlessly transitions into the next, resulting in over an hour of complete bliss. Each infectious track arrests your attention, making it impossible not to dance. In many ways, this album seeks to collectively heal its listeners from the traumatic events of the recent past. By centering itself in the pursuit of joy and empowerment, Renaissance affirms and celebrates the unique beauty in all of us.
Her new sound is EDM? Shiieeeet I like it. Definitely should stick with the sound and perhaps invite some well known collaborators in the genre ( Dead mau5)
Amazing album, beautifully produced. Beyoncé stepped back from her experimental songs, all of her concept in the previous (and amazing) Lemonade, all her lyrics, and message, that was awesome to listen to, but here in Renaissance she got pretty close to her origins l, dance music, house music, a whole vibe, Beyoncé's vibe, and it feels amazing.
Fun fact: America has a problem is best song on the album. This album IS NOT better than Lemonade or Self-tilted, but its definitely very experimental, fun, interesting for listening, it seems like Beyoncé mixed up sounds and styles of singing you would never hear together. As album goes on, the shade of sound changes, from more recent to more traditional, but i believe every song speaks a story for itself. Vocals are outstanding, lyrics are great, but not impressive, production is weird, but good, thats what made album unique. This is a body of work. The things i dont like about it, its beint over-sexualized, production on some parts sounds VERY techno and electronized to the maximum, not outstanding lyrics and too much unnecessary rapping collabs .
I'm here to say that I didn't have any expectations with this project. It really surprised me what an artist Beyoncé still is throughout all this years. One of her most groovy and experimented albums with bouncy beats and good lyricism as usual with Bey. Just can't wait for the next act out of this trilogy.
Nesse álbum vemos uma Beyoncé mais leve do que em seus últimos trabalhos, mas, mesmo assim, consciente. Renaissance, seu sétimo álbum de estúdio é predominantemente house, te fazendo querer dançar do começo ao fim com uma produção impecável e vocais poderosos.
Gracias Beyoncé por volvernos a regalar un trabajo serio y maduro. Renaissance es la cosecha de años de historia de la música y de empoderamiento.
Her best. Period. This is a Masterpiece. RENAISSANCE is a huge step in the right direction. When she released BEYONCE and Lemonade she kinda lost my interest for almost a decade. Those albums were pretty mediocre and overrated and made me took distance from her musically. I'm glad to have her back.
Completamente perfeito como tudo que ela faz, nada como os outros albums e uma mistura completamente única com todos os ritmos musicais em que a própria prometeu trazer e nos apresentar em seu novo trabalho!
Perfect album from slay queen b she put her whole **** into it and u can rlly tell my GODDD.
QUEEN OF MUSIC LOVE U BEY
é house meus amores, muito bom eu amo ela trazendo essas raízes de volta, Beyoncé sempre dona do mundo
Album of the year, the transitions between the songs are perfect. Mommy slays as always.
Que álbum impecável.Beyoncé é perfeita e tudo o que ela lança é lindo e perfeito
This album is 100% album of the year so far. Every song on this album is amazing and the transitions are just amazing. Over her career, Beyoncé has only gotten better and that continues to be the case with RENAISSANCE. So far, I've listened to the album 6 times and I haven't listened to anything else since it came out. I would highly recommend everyone listen to it.
Ela fez de novo, e dessa vez fez melhor! Álbum da carreira sem dúvidas. Destaque para Alien superstar
This is an incredibly and well thought album.Tye fact that she keeps on delivering well thought out projects of work and each one of them being perfect is just amazing
Um dos melhores álbuns do século, sendo um trabalho majestoso, elegante, versátil e o mais importante é ele ser muito interessante, entregando tudo o que se era esperado de Beyoncé.
A true work of art. Amazing how Beyoncé always manages to outdo herself and reinvent herself with each project she launches. Album of the year without a doubt.
The transitions, the aesthetic, the theme. The songs are sonically like nothing you'll hear from anyone else, except for Beyoncé.
like it when i listen to it, just feel like to dance anytime anywhere, worth to replay many many times
When Beyoncé released Break My Soul I cleared felt as the best it was yet to come. This album got me fully surprised. It's definitely something that rased with time, there's so many details, especially in the production. Songs with phases, transitions and unique elements. It's a masterpiece. She definitely worked hard in these three years of production. She's still serving concept and carrying support for the black community. I dare to say that Renaissance it's more big and good than Lemonade. Beyoncé is vibing her past, ancestrality. It's a masterpiece in all aspects. It's powerful, empowered, underground, groovy, classy and you won't listen to it without dancing. One of the albuns wich deserve the AOTY title.
Admirable blend of dance, pop, with a queer sentiment that goes beyond race and gender, it speaks of people and their souls.
Beyoncé você arrasou! Ela conseguiu incorporar vários gêneros musicais nesse álbum e fez isso com tanta perfeição.
Sempre se reinventando essa é a beyoncé. Álbum super divertido e com músicas contagiantes, não paro de ouvir algumas músicas.
The best!! Uma nova Beyoncé que não conhecíamos, mas que segue no mesmo nível artistíco que estávamos acostumados. As influências do dance house e o afrobeat completam essa obra atemporal. Certamente, um destaque em sua discografia.
this album reminds her album 4 bc it was a album where she could express everything in a non perfectionist way… the album is very good and very well thought
O RENAISSANCE é um dos álbuns mais incríveis que a BEYONCE já lançou. Ele traz referências lírica e sonoras de toda a sua discografia. O cd não tem uma música ruim e todas as faixas se conversam o que torna o album ainda mais incrível. Eu não consigo escolher a melhor faixa desse álbum, mas tive uma conexão direta com: Alien Superstar, Move, Virgo's Groove, Cozy, Cuff Off e American Has a Problem. Sem palavras para a excelência que o RENAISSANCE entregou. BeyHive mais uma vez sendo abençoada com uma obra prima
Esse é um dos melhores álbuns da Beyoncé, ela conseguiu fazer algo extremamente bom e único
Beyoncé sendo incrível! As transições entre as músicas, a qualidade das músicas é de outro nível!! Melhor álbum da Bey!!!
the album makes you dance involuntarily, it's just amazing to hear, since the first song you're already moving your body
Es un álbum que te transporta a los años en los que la música Disco, dance/house te hacía mover todo el cuerpo 10/10
She come´s to slay the entire industry. This album is a perfect party from start to finish. That album make you scream, dance move you ass, shake it all, it´s amazing
I always wondered how Beyoncé would follow an album like Lemonade. I was sometimes worried that she wouldn't be able to but alas the Queen has outdone herself once again. Everytime she drops something she raises the bar for herself and continues to prove herself. RENAISSANCE is a masterpiece from beginning to end. The transitions are so sick!! Her vocals are out of this world. This is Beyoncé like we've never heard her before. ONE OF HER BEST TO DATE!!!
A MASTERPIECE! Thank u beyoncé for being the greatest artists of the all time!
From the immediate moment you press play, you’re hit with the first wave of authentic power, sass, truth and a fighting spirit, immediately you’re taken through a journey that feels like Crazy in Love and Diva had a house/disco child. The clear intent of the album is to lift, support, self validate and to feel unapologetically unique. The album pushes you to the mirror like a mother would & sweetly forces you to see all of the good and the beauty that exists within your soul, body and mind.The multi-genre production gives us Disco, gorgeous Afro-Beats, House, Synth Wave and leaves room for DJ’s and producers to interpret Renaissance in their own way. With addictive beats and hooks, it’s gonna be impossible to find a club that isn’t repping Renaissance this summer, and the summer after that too. Tracks such as I’m That Girl, Alien Superstar and Church Girl are sonically delicious and other tracks like Plastic Off the Sofa, Summer Renaissance and Pure/Honey go down like a fine wine. Considering the genre switch for Bey, it feels so COZY and works better than expected once again proving Mrs Knowles-Carter has no limits in her vocal repertoire nor her ability to spread love and light to so many communities. The gays are living, the girls are living, the girls men are living and the world has once again braced themselves for Beyoncé and still been left SHOOK. Yet again Beyoncé has shown us how to be confident with class and more importantly without dragging anybody else down. Vocally her best studio work and the executive production ‘beying’ done by the perfectionist herself ties every song together with transitions that keep you on the dance floor and up in your personal dopamine supply. My life has changed again, she teaches, she lifts, she relates, she brings us pure/honey JOY. Ever since Lemonade, the music industry has been stuck in a loop of sampling and unoriginality, after taking some time to re-discover herself authentically with art like The Gift, Black is King; yet again Queen Bey is BACK to show us how its sonically imperative to sample with class, grace and a unique take.
The album is a master piece and If anybody Disagrees they’re mom should d*e
loved it! the album is simply amazing. Beyoncé is one of the only artists that can stay relevant up to two DECADES into their carreer
Her best album thus far! So happy to hear her produce her happiest album yet!
The experience, and journey is beyond ANYTHING I've experienced with Beyoncé! Clearly a AOTY. This is BY FAR MY FAVORITE BEYONCÉ ALBUM, and FAVORITE ALBUM OF THE YEAR
The best album i’ve ever heard! zit feels so refreshing when listening , like a whole new experience
An alien superstar indeed. She's elevating. I can't. Easily the album of the year. Hands down.
Just give her the Album of The Year Award. This album is everything. She’s outdone herself.
This new era of Beyoncé is a masterpiece on every level; from vocals, to production, to exemplary sampling — a timeless celebration of music that will go down in history.
Beyoncé has CONSISTENTLY evolved throughout her career, never doing the same thing and always surprising the masses & pushing the envelope. This album ‘Renaissance’ proves ONCE again why she’s the standard… Another cultural reset by the Queen of Music! 10/10
This album is a pure expression of joy after experiencing a terrible two years with a certain virus. . .Beyonce has literally said "GET TO THE CLUBS NOW" and wants us to shake our tooshies hard!This is an album that wants us to dance with perfect vocals, harmonies, excellent production and soul!There are NONE of the signature ballads we've come to know from Beyonce. It's less about the political messaging of her more recent music and simply wants us to enjoy ourselves listening to this album.I for one can't wait to drunkenly attempt to dance like Beyonce in the clubs to any and all of these songs.Queen B forever!
Her best album. Unbelievable transitions and vocal arrangements. She continues to grow, this album is different to anything else. She is a true innovator. The replay value of this album is insane.
An unapologetically fierce dance album that feels like the most well-thought out tribute not only to LGBTQIA+ music, but also to your right to let it all behind you for a moment (or hour), let your hair down, release the stress and the love. B once more proves that she is THE MOST interesting artist out there, and capable of taking risks, and declares that she has proven time and time again who she is. Now more than ever she has earned the right to be free and do everything on her own terms.
A MASTERPIECE! Everything she touches turns into gold. Amazing work and I don’t stop to listen this.
O álbum é incrível, perfeito do começo ao fim! Não dá pra pular nenhuma música. Que experiência avassaladora, sério! Se bem que, não esperava diferente vindo da maior e mais completa artista da história! Beyoncé, obrigada por nos agraciar com sua arte mais uma vez! ALL HAIL THE QUEEN
AMAZING. The emancipation of Beyoncé. The queen like we’ve never seen her. Using her ear for live transitions so skilfully here. No words. “10s across the board”
One of the best album that released this decade. BEYONCE REALLY GIVE US ALBUM OF THE YEAR
It has enthusiast-favorite elements of Dance and Disco music... It's got a groove throughout, it's funky at points, dark at others, intricate at others... But it's always sexy and delicate. Beyoncé's ability to build absolutely off the roof harmonies and melodies with her voice and her voice only thus creating a beautiful contrast between an uptempo instrumentation and a delicate and seductive vocal approach... While also spitting the most rough yet precise bars in her career over alien-like synths and organic instrumenstation such as strings on top of snares and ad-libs that translate you to the most exotic party you have ever been to... It takes you to space and flies you around a shiny cosmos.
Beyoncé just outdone herself again Renaissance is already top 3 Beyoncé albums
Magnifique !La musique te donne envie de danser, de vivre, d'être heureuse. C'est l'album de l'été du reste de notre vie.Comme toujours Beyonce s'est surpassé.
Her best album. Its a bop, its fresh, its her best produced album and the transitions are amazing
Beyonce is 20+ years into her career and has a back catalog spanning across several genres where she has experimented with difference sounds, genres and singing styles. Renaissance simply cannot be categorised into a single genre, it’s an eclectic mix of disco, ballroom, bounce, funk and Chicago house to name a few. It’s also a tribute to dance musics historically black heritage and a nod to queer culture and representation. This is without a doubt Beyonce’s most ambitious and audacious piece of work so far and effortless ticks every single box from the vocals, the production, songwriting, to the mind blowing transitions between songs. This fully uptempo record is so liberating, feel-good and is made for loosing your inhibitions on the dance floor. Renaissance is a solid 10/10 and will not doubt be the album of the year and a timeless piece of work that will never be forgotten.
This album is amazing, worth every year that we wait, such a great experience
RENASSAINCE É A MELHOR EXPERIÊNCIA MUSICAL QUE EU TIVE ESSE ANO. É INCRÍVEL, SENSACIONAL, PARECE QUE ESTÁ PINGANDO OURO DIRETO DOS MEUS FONES PARA OS MEUS OUVIDOS. AS TRANSIÇÕES ENTRE AS MUSICAS SÃO TUDOOO! Eu não sabia que precisava tanto do RENASSAINCE até ouvir o Renassaince! Com certeza é o álbum do anooo
Literally one of her best albums it basically a self titled part 2 it had vocals, good transitions, that feeling that just makes you wanna dance, it felt like a new era of Beyoncé it was definitely her Renaissance that she graciously made and shared with us
Re invented herself and sound 25 years into her career Absolutely genius , Beyoncé ❤️
Its a Bop ! Thank you for this Beyoncé! Everything is just so COZY ! I really love everything. One of Beyoncé’s best album to date for sure ! Love B
10s across the board. This album is everything and much more than I expected. It covers so many genres which is so Beyonce. She continues to push the boundaries and set the standard (after all, she is the First Lady of the Music Industry. This album has absolutely not skips, phenomenally blended. These transitions are superior. In my opinion, this might be her best work/album yet. The versatility of her music is impeccable - SHE IS THE MOMENT!!!My TOP 5:1. Virgo's Groove2. Church Girl3. Cuff It4. Break My Soul5. Heated
The best album of this year. Very good, with incredible references. Beyoncé proves that she is a versatile artist and that she is good at everything she does. Long live the queen!
Daring. Brillant. A cultural reset. Beyoncé’s newest project Renaissance Act I, dares to be different in a time where it’s easy for music to become repetitive. For an artist of her caliber, being 20+ years in the game, to constantly challenge herself to find new sounds and sonic avenues, Renaissance is just that: A rebirth of an icon.
This is a very different sonic experience from Beyoncé, the title of this projects fits particularly well due to the genre, the themes explored and its lyrical content. This is the most experimental she has been on any project ever, this proves her versatility and how she refuses to be boxed in a box. This is just 1 act of 3 and she delivers on every track something so unique yet so cohesive and the transitions are some of the best I've experienced on an album.
Greatest re-invention as always! The album is very well done with the experimental sounds and samples
Its givingIts givingIts givingIts givingIts givingIts giving always more
A forma que ela costurou o álbum - as transições de uma música pra outra - foi tão natural que a sensação é que estamos ouvindo apenas uma enorme música, batida, sonoridade tudo minimamente pensando. Sem dúvidas meu álbum favorito do ano com louvor. ❤Obrigadaexistir
This album is a meet between the best lyrics, the best vocals, the best sounds (production talking) and the best imagination. Beyoncé served us an album we never could imagine receiving from her, she went to places she never went before, she created a whole lot of new alter-egos to mix all these songs together. Act i Renaissance is definitely an album that no other artist than Beyoncé could ever have made because it’s a signature from her that only sounds right coming from her.
This definitely a 10/10 album because it’s so different from the rest of her discography and I love that. It’s also gives a 70s/80s/90s house dance and disco with a mix of modern genres. Despite the the sound of the 70s/80s/90s it still sound fresh and brand new. Definitely one of my new favourite of Beyoncé
The album is absolutely perfect and so seamless. The transitions from song to song just take you to another place. Very different and experimental from Beyoncé but the outcome and payoff is unbelievable. The best album I have listened to for a VERY long time! Go Yoncé!
An album created for and dedicated to the ballroom scene. A sound she has never done before yet she executed it flawlessly. From the start to the finish the album forces you to dance, have fun and VOGUE. Tens across the board!
Beyoncé just keeps outdoing herself! Renaissance is a masterpiece. From the production to the lyrics, to the energy, the message it sends. It just promotes HAPPINESS. You CANNOT listen to this album on shuffle, you would have to listen to it in order and THERE ARE NO SKIPS. The QUEEN is QUEENING. MOTHER is MOTHERING. HATERS BOW DOWN!
This is so unique. Changed my life within 24 hours. She is the architect of her own sound. She is always different, she refuses to be in the box haters try to put her.You didn’t hear anything like this. Go buy and stream this masterpiece. “I AM NUMBER ONE/ I AM THE ONLY ONE”Summer Renaissance has begun!
talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before
Beyoncé has undeniably reinvented her music, created a new standard, and improved sonically after every album for the last 23 years. act i: RENAISSANCE furthermore proves that theory. This album is the digital definition of joy, love, sexiness, and fun! It will go down in history as one of her greatest projects.
Beyoncé just keeps getting better, and this is her biggest departure of the genres you associate with her, she keeps on experimenting and shows that she is truly unstoppable in whatever genre of music she wants to go next. A masterpiece and for me the AOTY for sure
Beyoncé has been #1 for my entire life. I was 2 years old when Crazy in Love debuted. Went to my first Beyoncé concert at 7. I’ve seen her in small arenas to Sold out NFL Stadiums. I’m now 21, and she’s still on top. I kinda feel like Renaissance was made for people like myself, who struggle with identity but manage to find confidence & joy. I WILL work for Beyoncé/Parkwood (@TheBalloonGuyCLT) someday! Beyoncé if you see this, Thank You for this Masterpiece, and your continuous passion for your craft.
Beyoncé’s artistry is truly undeniable, she risked it all once again and did not disappoint
Oh my god!This album is so fuc**** amazing, thank you Beyonceeeeeeeeee!!!!
Me encanta el álbum, todas las canciones, las transiciones que tiene, el ritmo, absolutamente todo es perfecto en este álbum, gracias Beyoncè
she’s done it again…. exceeded all my expectations………. phenomenal I CANT
A very different album than anything we have seen from Beyoncé before. Bop after bop.
Beyonce você fez novamente, isso vai mudar minha vida, você sempre me inspira a ser alguém melhor e a fazer tudo bem feito, obrigado.
Excellent body of work. Top Tier transitions between songs. I love Alien superstar and church girl.
Beyoncé never misses! It’s so many hits on that album that I feel people will listen to for a long time! She did her thing on act 1!
Even though Beyoncé declared that this would be a perfection-free album, she delivers something that no other artist could. A cohesive, danceable album, and very well done. Transitions from one track to another flawlessly. Beyoncé always delivers mastery and impact. Long live the Queen B.
one of her best projects EVER.seamless transitions and spectacular vocals from The Queen.a timeless piece of art.
Beyonce has completely reinvented herself again. A beautiful cohesive album that turns 80’s and 90’s inspired dance floor rhythms to pure musical excellence. From effortless transitions between songs, and endless club certified beats, Beyoncé’s first act in her trilogy is one of her best works to date. She really makes you release the wiggle! Alien Superstar, THIQUE, Heated, All Up in Your Mind and America Has. Problem are my personal favourites, but with that being said…every song on the album is a complete bop! Mrs Anne Marie Lastrassi never misses!
It is amazing… I new but similar sound to all the rest of her albums. It sounds like a more evolved and mature Beyoncé. It also makes you just want to dance. P.S. Cuff it, Thique and Cozy are my favorites
Beyoncé se reinventa mais uma vez e permanece dando jus ao seu título melhor artista de todos os tempos, fazendo diferente de todos os seus álbuns Beyoncé mostra que sabe se aventurar e dominar um Ritmo,pelo primeiro ato de uma trilogia sabemos que Beyoncé entregará incríveis músicas e trará house o ritmo disco house aos realmente donos que são pessoas pretas que acabaram sendo ofuscadas ao longo da história, Beyoncé foi pespicaz e incrívelmente artista
Omg ! First Listen was such an amazing experience! So many artistic layers to unpack ! This album is definitely in the running for her best album ! This album is ALBUM OF THE YEAR !
A MASTERPIECE. From the transitions to the quality of production and engineering, the impeccable soul-enriching vocals, the intention behind the project, the sheer artistry. THE CULTURE. This album will make you feel alive and make you dance and feel like your levitating.
Um álbum impecável que segue o fluxos de lançamentos incríveis e que sobe o patamar em qualidade a cada álbum. Era o que precisávamos após a pandemia
best album ever.
A maior artista viva! Saiam da frente novinhas básicas, the Queen is back
Perfect album! I can totally see me and my friends going off on the dancefloor.
ALBUM OF THE YEAR!! A very big leap for Beyoncé but she does it flawlessly while simultaneously paying homage to ball room scenes in the 80s. Beyoncé just dropped the album of the decade and it sounds like these songs will be playing in ballrooms to night clubs for a VERY long time.
Beyoncé has topped herself again. The seamless transitions, the stacked harmonies, EVERYTHING. Queen reigns supreme.
Simplesmente incrível! Um álbum nonstop cheio de alegria que traz uma originalidade que causa nostalgia do passado. Parece complexo o que eu disse, mas quando você ouvir você vai saber exatamente do que eu estou falando.
Excellent !!!! The queen is back. Bow down. The perfect post-Lemonade. Queen B destroyed me with this new sounds.
Sound of the 90s with excellence then abit of modern vibe.Delivering vocals in every term.And just perfection through the whole producing process.
The switch of style is what makes this ENTIRE album uniquely different and a cultural reset! 25+ years into her career, yet she is still changing the industry in so many ways. I can’t even imagine what Act II & Act III will consist of but for now, I’ll gladly & proudly enjoy this “no-skip” masterpiece.
Congratulations on your dedication and professionalism, characteristics that are very admirable!
As usual with Beyoncé, this album is nothing short of a masterpiece. It is her most experimental and cohesive body of work to date. It blends pop, house, dance, funk & soul so effectively and the songs flow from one into the other so seamlessly. The production is immaculate, and the songs carry a very important and freeing message. Beyoncé remains the undisputed queen of any time and any sound. Standout tracks: Cuff It, Virgo’s Groove, Move, Thique, America Has A Problem, Summer Renaissance, Pure/Honey.
Fresh, energetic, unusual, a dance masterpiece in the veins of Beyonce offerings. The transitions between songs are smooth, effortless and transportive . It's a bop after bop wheel house of music and sonic sounds, with a versatility of moving parts that each song is its own but compliment each-other so well. The lyrics are badassery creative, excited, livid, makes you feel alive, it's celebratory, express confidence and lots and lots of joy. This album may not be for everyone, but everyone can sure find something for them. on that note; i must admit it will be grower for some that are not used this sound from beyonce but, for the mass others, will be eaten up all day, every day without questions because this album just sounds so good and so **** fun.
Honestly this album is iconic and genius truly something refreshing and something we needed in music right now!!!!
The flow between songs is absolutely amazing! Such a fun and fantastic album. Bey gave what needed to be given!!
just listen, this is perfection.fav tracks: PURE/HONEY; CHURCH GIRL; THIQUE; COZY; ALIEN SUPERSTAR.yeah, we shackin asssss
Honestly, this is her best album so far! The transitions between the songs, the songs themselves… everything is perfect!
Melhor álbum da carreira, traz ritmos antigos com batidas inovadoras, letras envolventes, todas as músicas me agradam.
Bey is back and I'm sleeping real good at night. This album got me gasping and moaning. What else can I say? 10/10
Tiene todo lo necesario para ser el Album of the year.Se nota en el disco la evolución de Beyoncé a lo margo de toda su gran carrera musical.
This album is exactly what we have been waiting for ! a renaissance ! Break my soul was just the perfect single for this album that is going to be remembered as ground breaking as all her previous bodies of work ! it should cost a billion to sound this good. her vocals on this album are peak beyoncé, she is still the moment and making pop culture as we speak.
there's no way, Beyoncé always outdoes herself, and needless to say she's dictating the rules of this game, after all, the only one who can outdo herself is herself. this is impeccable. teleguides us and teleports us to the 80's era and futurizes us into the new. Beyonce you are the greatest.
Album of the YEAR!!!! That’s it. Beyond impressive!! Beyoncé is truly a musical genius who reinvents not only herself but the industry as well. Beyoncé fully emerged herself this time around and created such a well rounded masterpiece. Listening to this album in my apartment at 6am and feeling as if I’m in the club at 2am dancing my heart out. I completed the album feeling uplifted, inspired and moved!! Every song on the album was warranted and the transitions we’re excellent. I felt that I was in a concert with the perfect DJ!
Incredible album, all songs are amazing. Not one favorite but all of them!!!Best album of the year so far
Um dos melhores trabalhos da rainha!!! Beyoncé, você sempre será famosa!!!!
Hands down her best project to date! Congrats the Beyoncé again for outdoing herself yet again!!
This remind me a lot old songs from 90 and at the same time sounds fresh. Beyoncé is really one of the best artists nowadays
This album is PERFECTION from top to bottom. Not one song on here I would skip at the moment and everything sounds so fresh: her incredible rich voice, the variations of dance music that pays full homage to Black culture, the unexpected switch-ups and the mind-blowing visuals that the music helps create for the total experience that’s worth it. The Queen further cements her status as a Living Legend and one of the greatest artists the world will ever get to see. Bravo, Beyoncé Knowles-Carter. You’ve done it again ❤️
This is the BEST album of this year! Love the sound and the songs! Y’all need to listen to this album at least two times though! I love every single song on the album! My top 5 are Thique, Pure/Honey, Alien Superstar, Church Girl and Cuff It! From the first song to the last song Beyoncé was stepping on necks!
Usually when artists reach the point of being 25 years into their career, they slow down, turning into legacy act with very less exciting new content. But for Beyoné, even when she said this was supposed to be a laid back album where she juts wanted to focus on joy and love, it's still no doubt an innvovative project that take lots of efforts and risks. Beyoncé is still as hungry and ambitious as her 20-year-old self with much more wiser artistry and that's so admirable.
beyonce conseguiu se reinventar, se arriscou saindo da sua zona de conforto e conseguiu mais uma fez fazer um álbum impecável, bem organizado e com uma estética perfeita! beyoncé is back
I have no word. She really did that. Shes that girl. Beklediğimize gerçekten değdi. Yüreğine ağzına sağlık Beyonce föfmgmgmmg.
depois de 6 anos, ela voltou fazendo algo impressionante e completamente diferente do já tínhamos visto, renaissance realmente fez o mundo na música renascer e claro, seus fãs também.Estou muito feliz por esse comeback, e espero a maior nota possível desse álbum em todas as criticas que receber. Beyoncé te amo
Comment après 25 ans de carrière, une artiste peut elle revenir avec un album aussi incroyable ??? She snapped !! Merci beyoncé
This album feels like the most beautiful open love letter , after the last few years we've all had the emotions were running high listening to this beautiful body of work, it Exudes warmth , love , joy , freedom , acceptance!! Truly it's something special , it's cohesive and blends together perfectly ! Marrying together disco / House & ballroom culture and vibe was nothing short of genius
A rainha está de volta com seu melhor álbum, Renaissance é de longe um dos melhores projetos que já ouvi na vida, estou muito ansioso pelo visual do mesmo.
An astonishing album - perhaps her best to date. Ambitious, joyous, and treading entirely new ground for her, this is an essential listen, and the best album of 2022.
Out the gate, my 3rd favourite album from Beyonce. Proves that she still has her spot on top of the music food chain. Pure dance, club, and still keeps her level of black excellence, sampling profound black artists as well as including a list of black LQBTQIA+ artists and people. She knows her audience, and this is for her fans and for those who love dance and retro sounds.
It's amazing how Beyoncé manages to work beautifully and perfectly in all the sounds of her music, Renaissance together with Lemonade and The Gift are proof of that. Beyoncé is a phenomenal artist and every era we are delighted to experience that. Renaissance is an amazing album.
This album is pure perfection, it brings so much joy and it will immediately make you move once you hear the first 2 tracks. Congratulations to Beyoncé and everyone involved on the project, definitely Album of the Year.
what a perfect album, the transitions of each song give it a special touch, make you get up and dance where you are! Delivered everything once again.
Beyoncé reinvents herself with each era, that's why she's called a queen!!
Impecável, ela entrega tudo em cada música. Impossível não se envolver. Impressionante como ela consegue entregar música de tão alta qualidade num gênero que já foi tão explorado.Rainha
Beyoncé once again made a perfect album, well produced and worked. Showed for the 7th time that she can walk by any genre without falling quality or be more of the same! Renaissance is amazing
such a masterpiece thank you queen!!! its hamornic beautiful truly experience such a masterpiece thank you queen!!! its hamornic beautiful truly experience
Once again Beyoncé surprises us! This is a work with rhythms that I never imagined to hear from her! Extremely cohesive album, all tracks fit together perfectly and the vocals are once again on point. If Beyoncé wanted to take me on a journey when listening to this album, she succeeded! It really feels like I was reborn after listening to it! Once again, congratulations Beyoncé! You are the greatest artist alive!
Álbum do ano! Excelente. Bey é excelência em tudo que se propõe! Feliz em fazer parte da hive e ser fã da maior artista viva
Beyonce has the power to reinvent herself in all her new projects. An album that connects music after music, with striking beats and fierce vocals, proves once again that she is one of the greatest living musicians in the world.
Este álbum está simplesmente incrível. A sonoridade dele é uma experiência única. Beyonce está trilhando em caminhos diferente de tudo o que já fez e mesmo assim não perde a sua essência. Excelência pura o álbum da beyonce.
Once again queen b delivering excellence in her music, 25 years of career and still at the top. This album is good in all aspects from beginning to end, as always queen b surprising us. i love the queen.
Incredible. I've been a fan of this woman for... As long as I can remember. I've seen her live 3 times and her music speaks to me like no other artist does. She keeps surprising us and this album is just perfect.
Suprassumo musical! Beyonce really is a compliment. Renaissance couldn’t be more Beyonce
The renaissance of a new era for world music. Beyoncé once again delivered an album with mastery and excellence. We are all invited to the dance floor. Thank you Bey. I love you!
Beyoncé faz seu melhor e entrega excelência, Renaissance é um álbum alegre e a Queen B entrega uma grande dose de Serotonina nas pessoas, com as transições perfeitas e um álbum totalmente coeso, Renaissance é o que podemos dizer o melhor álbum dessa decada até então, que bebeu da fonte do house, das baladas dos anos 80 e 90, A rainha está dando uma festa e somente as pessoas com o melhor gosto vai conseguir entrar e saborear essa obra de arte, Beyoncé celebra o que já estava aqui e no aponta a direção que devemos ir
Melhor álbum da Beyoncé até hoje, super coeso com transições impecáveis e vocais poderosos
So perfect,beautiful,the songs are perfect, the transitions are flawless, the vocals are just everything, especially the falsettos. Beyoncé made a masterpiece in album form, couldn't have done better
ÁLBUM DA CARREIRA ALBUM PERFEITOOOOOOO MDS como pode summer renaissance a maior do álbum
A masterpiece of the best, crashed my brain and i just can't thinking about anything before and after Renaissance.
Esse é claramente um dos melhores álbuns da Bey! Bela sonoridade, e transições impecáveis.
BEST ALBUM EVERRRRR QUEEN
Um dos melhores álbuns da Beyoncé. Sonoridade totalmente inovadora e a conexão entre as faixas são os pontos chave para o sucesso
the best and greatest album of all time, Beyoncé you will always be the queen of music
It's truly one of the bests albums she has ever recordes, with amazing transitions between the songs. It's her masterpiece by far.
This album just gets better with every listen. This is house with sub genres. We’re dancing! Rap, vocals, layers, beautifully interchangeable beats. She’s insane. Beyoncé, you’ve done it again. 25+ years into your career and you continue to amaze me and many others. You continue to raise your own bar thus raising other peoples bar and standards. You’ve left your mark. Never question that, EVER.
This is something Beyoncé hasn't done before. Love every bit of it. Best tracks are Alien Superstar, Heated, Cuff It, Energy, Pure/Honey, Summer Renaissance, and Church Girl. The list goes on with more listen...
MELHOR ÁLBUM QUE JA ESCUTEI NA VIDA QUANDO FALAMOS DE QUALIDADE, VERSOS, PRODUÇÃO ESSE ÁLBUM É OBRA PRIMA
One of the best experiences I've had in my life, one of the best albums in the career of the greatest artist of all time. Beyoncé proved once again that she knows very well what she does and is the best at what she does, I believe there will never be any artist with such excellence and perfection as Bey has with her music. So if don't agree with me I respect you but you are the dumbest for not admit that she is the goat.
Alien Superstar!!!!
The whole album is a masterpiece to even begin with. The first 5 songs was mind blowing until bms came on then moved on to the other songs..some songs are slow, some fast, some groovy but she outdid herself
Beyoncé once more can deliver quality with potent beats and show up her amazing voice quality and power
La perfecta evolución, solo ella podría hacer algo así.Gracias por seguir evolucionando.
Álbum perfeito, Beyoncé nunca erra, já posso dizer que é um dos melhores da carreira
the album is incredible, everything he does is experimental and what I like about this album is his love for the group. Beyonce never disappoints
I am loving this Beyoncé. Please let’s keep her forever. This album is amazing. Full of life and fun.
This album is amazing, the most talented human being in the world, she made history again, i loved it
Perfeito, sem dúvidas um dos melhores trabalhos da Beyoncé, uma sonoridade que vão muito longe além do pop, ela busca suas raízes no house music, com toques de R&B e Rap. Além de batida intensa que nos faz dançar a entrega de voz não deixa a desejar, uma noitada na balada com amor e intensidade, esse álbum é um trabalho que deve ser degustado música por música na ordem, só assim aproveitará todo o potencial dele.
A masterpiece. I love how well the transitions are done, the songs on this album really have the power to take us to a ballad from the 80's-90's
É um álbum bem diferente do último lançamento dela, com um gênero que ela nunca se aventurou antes, te faz querer dançar do início até o fim. Para mim, é o segundo melhor dela, perdendo só para o Lemonade. As transições com certeza são os pontos fortes do álbum, você nem percebe que mudou a música. Minhas favoritas até o momento são Cozy, Alien Superstar, Pure/Honey. E também estou muito ansioso para os visuais do álbum
Such a fun pus*** popping album Giving cun*Definitely worth the 6 year waitCan’t wait for acts ii and iii
o melhor album da carreita, cheio de boas referências, batidas dançantes e uma vibe 90s !!
Como dizia a nossa querida Adele, Beyoncé, sua obra é monumental.Obrigado por tanto!
As always, Queen Bey came for blood! Renaissance is my summer anthem. The production is topnotch, the vocals are angelic. I shouldn't be surprised- it's the Queen. But here I am, wondering how she continuously set the bar for the rest.
AMAZINGGGGGGG ÁLBUM QUEEN BEY SLAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY OMGGGGGG I CANTTTTTTTTTTTT
The Production, the Artistry, the Vocals, the Talent. Album of the freaking Year! Beyoncé is a once in a lifetime artist and proved once again why she has sustained a consistent music career. Every song on this album is a hit and it’s the fact that this is only just Act 1…
wow. this album is a pure piece of ART from the top to the bottom. If you want to dance and feel like you’re that B this is the perfect album !!!
Omg, this album is so good, instrumen, vocal, production are amazing, good job Queen Bee
UNIQUE. PERFECTION.THANKS FOR EVERYTHING BEYONCÉ, THANK GOD FOR THIS GIFT
I just finished the album... and I was immersed in a parallel ballroom universe from the first beat of I'M THAT GIRL and the last beat of SUMMER RENAISSANCE. I have to say, this woman is surreal and we should never underestimate her innovative power. She is the only one in the game.
Beyoncé, undoubtedly, in a position where she no longer has to prove herself in order to keep the superstar status intact. She has established herself as a legendary figure in the art world, transcending music to visuals, performances and culture shifting stances. Despite this fact, she always chooses to go beyond with her work. Renaissance is a body of work completely different from anything she has presented before, but no less enjoyable than any of her previous eras. The whole album feels connected and coherent. Beyoncé has successfully explored and perfected yet another music style and the experience of the album is fulfilling and exciting.
A new masterpiece! The Queen reigns!A wave of sounds unlike you‘ve ever heard in your life. Liberation, freedom and sex.God safe the Queen.
Beyoncé as always surprising us with her genius. This album is by far one of the best of her career. The greatest artist alive, no doubt about it.
Literalmente uma obra de arte, sons únicos e criativos, uma homenagem perfeita, um dos melhores álbuns dela definitivamente.
this is it a truly amazing and wonderful masterpiece from Queen B, everything is perfect!!!!
Beyonce é a maior artista viva. que obra de arteálbum impecável. Rainha
Beyoncé’s ability to adapt, experiment and conquer sounds is unbelievable. She makes you want to get up and dance. The album makes you feel all the good feelings you deserve. It’s time to hit the dance floor and it doesn’t matter who’s watching because you’re " THAT GIRL ".
The queen is back. This is her triumphant return to the throne. This will make u dance and give u eargasms
Maravilhoso,a diva está de volta! Sempre se reinventando
She IS music. She IS thee Mother of Pop Culture. She IS the embodiment of what it means to be an artist. I do not know a better woman. I don’t KNOW. This album was for people like me. Black and gay as hell. We talk about being “seen” but BABY, to be HEARD?! We were all up and through that album. An ode to Ballroom and the dance floors of the past. I’m elated with this album. The girls who get it, get it and… you know the rest.
Masterpiece.Is so hard to have an entire 16 song album with no skips. Every song is masterfully produced and the arrangements are carefully design to truly give a nostalgic feeling but at the same time futuristic.Usually on an album you have clear standout songs but on RENAISSANCE is almost impossible to pick favorites due to the richness of each track.This album is going to be on forever repeat and will definitely be played on every party, club or happy moment.Beyoncé is back and better than ever.
Álbum Perfeito. Coeso. Transições incríveis. E beyoncé sempre se reinventando!
O álbum é simplesmente uma nova etapa na carreira de Bey e uma nova fase para toda indústria musical. novamente Beyonce molda a indústria como bem entende com um de seus melhores álbuns, com faixas perfeitas e que conversam entre sí reinassance já fez história!
Beyoncé didi it again. A perfectly well produced album and an invitation to go to the dancefloor! The vocals are out of this world.
Beyonce made an iconic album to forever be remembered as Pop Perfection. That’s all
A very cohesive project within the purpose of taking us to a club from the 90's and 80's. The perfect transitions between the tracks gives the feeling that the album is a great song, you don't want to stop dancing. Beyoncé always serving quality in her projects and this is just one more.
Beyoncé‘s best album. A no skip album! If you love to dance, this album is for you
This album change my life! Thank you, mrs Beyoncé Evangelista. You turned the tables once again. M
Ela se reinventando a cada álbum é lindo de ver. Beyoncé você é inspiração, seu trabalho é inspiração, obrigada!
Inacreditável como ela conseguiu se reinventar novamente e fazer um álbum com um gênero novo pra ela O melhor desse ano
simply a work of art i cry with happiness listening to your songs Beyonce thank you for saving me and thank you for continuing to do what you love
THE BEST ALBUM EVER BY MOTHERRRR! It is a no skip album, a masterpiece, the best thing you can ever listen to.
I loved it a breath of fresh air in the music industry. I truly can’t name another artist who is doing it like Queen Bey
Beyoncé entrega mais uma vez um álbum coeso e consiste, mostrando mais uma vez que só uma artista do calibre dela é capaz. Renaissance é o melhor álbum de 2022.
So experimental, yes it club/ballroom but it’s funk, R&B, hip hop, dance, pop, VOCAL PRODUCTION and uniquely her!!! No one does music like Beyoncé.
THIS ÁLBUM IS A **** MASTERPIERCE. eu amei a proposta desse álbum ao mostrar um novo conceito pra música. As transições são lindas
Álbum super envolvente, onde todas as diversas faixas se encaixam, como se fossem parte de uma única música. Vocais como sempre impecáveis! Todas as músicas do álbum tem uma vibe enérgica e poderosa, muito House, estou extremamente satisfeita! É aquilo né, Deus não demora, ele capricha!
Its one of her best albums:My top:#1: Lemonade and RENAISSANCE #2: BEYONCE “Self Titled”#3: 4#4: B’day#5: I AM SASHA FIERCE#6: DANGEROUSLY IN LOVE
Perfeccionismo admirável, todas as músicas se conectam e dão uma sequência muito gostosa de se ouvir, você termina e quer voltar do inicio tudo de novo. É diferente do que tem sido entregue na atualidade, músicas longas, com muita letra e vocais de anjo, fora a incontrolável vontade de dançar conforme o ritmo, sem regras, apenas sentindo a batida. É livre, é espontâneo, é inovador. Beyoncé é uma artista de verdade e RENAISSANCE é mais uma de suas majestosas obras de arte.
This album is everything, from the sounds to the transitions is just absolutely impeccable. It is very different and experimental, it’s like nothing out right now and honestly, it’s a breathe of fresh air. This woman is undoubtedly, unequivocally the undisputed queen of music
Beyoncé is amazing, always delivering impeccable projects and we are so lucky to live in her era. The best we have. Amen, Beyonce. BEYHIVE LOVES YOU
No one can ever do an album like Beyoncé. The production, samples, experimental sounds yet instant classic, the tributes and homages paid, the thoughtfulness, the gayness, the fem-dom-soft versatility, the freshness, and most importantly, the positive message we all need during this difficult ass time.
I have no words to describe how much I love RENAISSANCE!! This album was an experience that I will never forget, this is one of those albums that I wish I could go back in time and relive my first listen over and over again! This album is different from her previous releases! There’s Dance music, hip hop, R&B, there’s disco influences and nuances throughout plus underground EDM & she seemed to have delved in experimental music! When she said she felt free and liberated creating this 1st album of a 3-act album project, B wasn’t lying! This album is everything you could ever want or need from a Beyoncé album and more! I’m so proud of her and this album! I LOVE this new album! Plus, never go into a new music release with preconceived expectations, that’s what let’s you down with listening to a new album, because you had an idea of what YOU thought the album WAS or SHOULD HAVE been! That’s why I love this album because i didn’t have expectations and I just let Queen B take me on the ride of my life and dance the night away at Club Renaissance!! There’s no way for me to rate this album out of 100 because for me, it broke the scale!!
Coloca você pra cima, a energia que precisamos, com o toque ambicioso e certeiro de Beyoncé.
One of her best albums for sure. The afrobeats, the dance, the house, the ballroom culture. Beyoncé once again has made history. We, as humans, must appreciate this masterpiece.
easily win AOTY! she surpassed lemonade in a suprising way, it's unlike anything she ever madeTHIS IS A WORK OF ART, THIS IS UNIQUE
I LOVEEE BEYONCÉ OMG. She is the Love of my Life. And i Love her New álbum.
O álbum carrega a energia sublime da Beyoncé de transitar entre o novo como se tal nova experiência sempre à pertenceu. A prerrogativa de promover uma devolução ao que é preto e exibir a quebra da perfeição com a qual findou sua própria carreira com um disco de House extravagante, intimo e POP foi uma tacada que vangloria perfeitamente a excelência artística dela que é a maior artista desta terra. Os vocais, e a produção são fatores quase inerentes ao trabalho de Beyoncé e pontuar isso soa até como repetitivo, mas à alguém surpreso ? Pois eu estou, ela conseguiu nos surpreender, de novo, experimental e fod*. Bow Down.
Álbum sólido, coeso e energético ótimo pra dançar loucamente. A Bey sabe fazer farofas atemporais, certeza q envelhecerá como vinho!
It's a perfect and totally revolutionary piece for today's industry! Beyoncé como sempre entrega um trabalho coeso e lindo
It was amazing down to production quality and lyrics. And if you don't like it your a bitter, unfun, distasteful, worthless, lame, loser, and ugly person
Renaissance is the undisputed album of the year! A cohesive body of work that transcends the sounds of today. Beyoncé once again raises the bar and proves why she is the absolute standard of excellence in music of today.
e sabemos que ninguém pode votar negativo pois é um trabalho maravilhoso e não algo que você queira receber só para você e sim para todos. álbum do ano!
un album légendaire une fois de plus beyoncé nous confirme bien que c’est la reine
She is killing it this time making EVERYBODY find their way to the dance floor
Amazing rollout and great quality! The transitions are very smooth and each track just keeps you on your feet.
PERFECT!!!!!! não tem UMA música ruim e a conexão de cada álbum é DIVINA
Simplesmente um dos melhores álbuns que eu já ouvi, as transições perfeitas entre uma música e outra, valeu a pena esperar tanto tempo
Álbum perfeito, um dos melhores álbuns que já escutei na minha vida e é o melhor álbum do álbum
She ate! The production, the sound, the vocals & everything! This sound was unique & didn’t sound like anything like she’s done before.
Maravilhoso! Álbum perfeitamente coeso do início ao fim, uma experiência sonora única. Renaissance é com certeza um dos melhores projetos da Beyoncé.
ela anarquizou, não superou seu álbum anterior Lemonade.. porém a qualidade desse novo projeto está arrebatadora. ESSA MULHER É ARTISTA
Ela superou as minhas expectativas, é um álbum muito dançante, eu amei as letras e estou ansioso para o visual, os clips
a perfeição, B nunca decepciona a mulher sabe o que faz. É a maior que temos, dá licença? minha fav fez seu comeback!!
this album is so perfect, every sound, every lyric, is a different emotion, beyonce is truly the greatest artist alive, A TRUE QUEEN BEY
O suprassumo da música!!! Álbum extremamente refinado, divertido, coeso e elegante, das batidas do house ao agito do dance, tudo aqui funciona de uma forma tão harmônica e acertiva que, mesmo com a falta de músicas mais lentas, consegue te prender do início ao fim sem parecer massante. Renaissance é música, é cinema, é arte, com certeza o melhor álbum dessa década.
Conclusão final e que mais uma vez Beyoncé consegue se superar, e confirma cada vez mais que ela é uma artista de extrema excelência, ela é quem cria as regras. O álbum foi feito para ser consumido por completo.
the album is a melodic explosion, there are so many incredible sounds and vocal elements, each song is a complement to the previous one, making the album's coherence more than obvious, the best of the career.
Beyoncé proves once again that she is the Queen, that she is the First Lady of Music, as the famous producer Clive Davis would say. With this rather original opus, Beyoncé highlights the African-American culture of the club, the culture of vogue highlighting some African-American actors of the LGBT community. A project that is absolutely not like her previous projects, Beyoncé tries new things and that's what we like. Originality and new things, not repetitive music projects that keep sounding the same. This woman never ceases to amaze us, day after day. Her status as a legend grows stronger by the day.
best album of Beyonce.best album of Beyonce.best album of Beyonce.best album of Beyonce.best album of Beyonce.
This piece of art is exactly what we have been needing after these dificult years. It brings me so much joy and makes me feel so good about myself. I think it helps to brings out the confidence, love, hapiness and lot of different feelings that were supressed in every one. She outdid herself once again, there is a reason why they call her Queen. My favorite one it's definitly virgo's groove, followed by alien superstar and all up in your mind
O álbum do ano, o aoty vem aí pode anotar! Uma obra-prima da sonoridade. Lenda viva!
This review contains spoilers, click expand to view.
Album of the year! Her music keeps getting better and better. Lemonade move out the way!
Bey made an impeccable album a very insightful and very well done album one of the best I've ever heard she managed to combine several musical genres in one album getting all the songs right and I think church girl is the best
AMAZING!! Simply Beyonce’s best album. She is truly in her best era. A new Beyoncé emerges with this new sound.
Este álbum é uma obra, levando felicidade e amor ao mundo, onde Beyoncé nos leva a uma viagem de lembranças com seu ritmo
Uma Beyoncé leve e descontraída, se jogando na pista e abrindo as portas da sua alma.Um álbum elegante e versátil, como sempre entregando um trabalho de qualidade porque tudo que se propõe a fazer, faz bem feito e com maestria.
Nothing has ever emerged as **** as this assortment of songs. Ten, ten, ten across the board.
This is brilliant in so many levels!!! One of her biggest albuns ever! Beyoncé proves one more time that she can sing anything
Sonically, this is Beyoncé best album! From transitions to the CLEAN production, it sounds like nothing out. She is culture shifting, her voice is bright and beautiful and THEEE best transitions you’ll hear on any album
Such a fun album. It doesn't sound like nothing she has done before, but It works.
Amazing work! Beyouncé its the queen, the album is incredible, have so many diferents tipos of beats, her voice is stoning
O álbum está perfeito e impactante, uma nova era diferente das anteriores fazendo com que a Beyoncé mostre o quão talentosa ela é. Uma nova vibe, uma nova era… um renascimento❤️
One of her best albums. The transitions were flawless, absolutely no skips. Sounds completely different from her previous bodies of work.
An excellent album that keeps the trend of Beyoncé constantly reinventing herself and not abiding to the rules. An absolute pleasure to listen and a triumph.
Não há qualquer outro álbum que eu conheça onde o artista consiga elevar modelos sonoros já conhecidos a um patamar experimental alucinante. A experiência em spacial audio é indescritível. A música tem excelência e é ela própria quem te diz isso imperativamente.
Just brilliant!!!! I love it from the beginning to the end. She is brilliant
Reinassence é um álbum excelente, com uma sonoridade excelente, músicas empoderadas, letras sexy, é realmente uma experiência de outro mundo.
Absolutely groundbreaking and a revolutionary album! The quality of the music, lyrics, vocals, arrangement and transitions is like none other. Probably the best album of the century.
Masterpiece, fuera de competencia Beyoncé simplemente la mejor artista de la actualidad.Church girl, alien superstar, virgos groove y summer renaissance son las mejores.
Renaissance is a wonderful album with incredible melodies and transitions that make it cohesive and admirable. Beyoncé is the greatest living artist of all time and this album only confirmed how much that even with years of consolidated career, she can reinvent herself and bring new strategies that help shape the music industry.
Renaissance gave us more insight of the more mature and sexy side of Beyoncé. The growth present in this album in truly incredible. With tracks like Virgo’s Groove, Church Girl, Alien Superstar, etc. This album is truly FANTASTIC!!!!!
Genius. I’m impressed with the level of detail in the composition. The lyrics are personal, empowering, mesmerizing, and transcendent.
AMAZING production. Never seen her in this space, but listening to her captivate a whole new genre whilst still remaining true to her timeless vocals, swag, and talent that we all know her for is truly amazing. I love it. The album is filled with bops , creativity, and good vibes. It makes you want to get up and zz MOVE! They not doing it like Yoncé, okay?!
This lady know how to reach different unique sounds for each album nobody doing that
What can I say about this album? ANOTHER masterpiece. I absolutely LOVE how unapologetic she is on this album, her CONFIDENCE is FIERCE. the usage of samples is literally genius and perfect, and the PRODUCTION? THE PRODUCTION? HOLY **** **** Immaculate. This album feels so grown yet fun and juvenile at the same time. She’s definitely evolved as an artist since Lemonade and I just love how she didn’t intend this album to be perfect, but it somehow managed to be. She has never sounded so confident before. this album is for people who like to have FUN!
Up there with lemonade but nothing like lemonade at all. Energetic, euphoric, and adrenaline inducing. Easily some of Beyoncé’s best work. Dare I say skipless??
Álbum perfeito, ritmos dançantes e letras contagiantes, melhor álbum do ano
Qualidade não falta aqui, um dos melhores albums lançados em 2022 por artistas mainstream
I am on my second listen and it literally keeps getting better.Church girl is currently my top 1
Beyoncé sempre arrasando, nos surpreendendo e trazendo farofa consciente. merece álbum do ano.
Maior álbum de 2022, as referências, as transições das músicas, os vocais, Beyonce e maioral msm e isso não é discutível
Apenas a maior Artista viva aaaaaaaaAaaaaaaBeyoncéVocêSempreSeráFamosa ..
What an impressive body of work after 25 years in this unpredictable music industry. Very fun, seductive and bold ! Moreover this is not a poor imitation of the dance genre, through all those interesting samples you can hear that Beyoncé seriously studied the Black dance classics and made that genre her own in this one pleasant hour. She also allowed her voice to mature through the years and perfectly masters its now low tones, Beyoncé is literally playing around with the harmonies. In short the vocal production wonderfully complements this well-thoughtout production. Can't wait to see more on stage !
This is literally the greatest thing my ears have ever heard. I don't think I can even touch her other albums after this. Pure perfection. Vocals. The layering. The SONIC sounds. Just immaculate.
"De fato, Beyoncé pode ser a única soberana do pop que realmente evoluiu artisticamente ao mesmo tempo em que expandiu um enorme império comercial." — #RENAISSANCE
simply excellent album, with impeccable transitions and lyrics, it's beyoncé, she is impeccable in all her works and has an extraordinary level of excellence, by far one of her best works!!!!
amazing albumi lovedbeyonce is a queen, and I love she tooqueen queen queen queen queen
The transitions, the vocals, the beets, everything is unmatchable. She makes us travel to another dimension through her songs. Queen,
o renascimento da maior artista viva atualmente veio para que, novamente, os parâmetros sejam elevados e inovadores. um álbum estruturalmente coeso, que consegue manter a proposta envolvente do início ao fim. as referências dignas de aclamação, a estética contemporânea que reafirma o talento da Queen B em se reinventar trazendo conceito histórico e político, a sonoridade necessária para uma época em que se busca confiança e empoderamento pós crise.
Álbum perfeito, mas teve momentos que achei que estava ouvindo The Gift. Enfim, a mom esta de volta e eu amei ....
MARAVILHOSO! Esse álbum está uma loucura era o que eu precisava. Dificilmente consigo gostar de todas as músicas em um álbum, mas você conseguiu Beyoncé. As transições são perfeitas também, e esta é uma marca da Queen B.   Ressalto ainda, o fato de não ter visuais que aprimora ainda mais a experiência, simplesmente deixa tocar e sinta,,,,
Perfeiçãooooo! Algo completamente inovador nos dias de hoje! Os vocais são incríveis, a transição de uma música pra outro é impecável, você é transportado pra outra época/dimensão!
O melhor álbum da Beyoncé até então, incrível como ela sempre consegue reinventar a música como conhecemos para tornar algo ainda maior e melhor. Ela se supera a cada lançamento, incrível!!!
O maior/melhor álbum desse ano. BEYONCÉ foi muito perspicaz ao fazer esse belíssimo album
Nobody is doing it like this today, yesterday, or tomorrow. Renaissance is more than you could ever imagine. It’s amazing how she can be even more unpredictable as she ages.
An incredible piece of arte, amazing!!! Beyoncé show us again that is the best artist alive!
Beyoncé slayed the house down amazing music can’t wait for act 2 and 3 and the tour
AMAZING! When we say the Queen is back, we mean it! The slick transitions and beautiful vocals are truly a vibe!
The album is different than anything that Beyoncé has maid yet. The transitions between songs are impeccable. Her vocals are flawless as always. Renaissance is remarkable, it deserves a 10.
a really piece of art. six years of waiting was totally worth it. bey is back and she really knows what she's doing, a dance album where you can find joy and get a little naughty, i'm grateful for this.
Simply the best album I've ever heard, Beyoncé can reinvent herself so easily, this woman is the biggest, the biggest in the industry.
best album ever. masterpiece. AOTY. best beyonce album. SO ICONIC! LOVING IT!
É um álbum diferente de TUDO que Beyoncé já entregou em toda sua carreira, mas é bem gostoso, é dançante e "empoderado". Valeu a pena cada segundo desses 6 anos pelo B7. COZY, Alien Superstar and Break My Soul são as músicas do ano!!!!
Perfect album Queen B, u r the best ever. Congratularions mammy ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
One of the best things I've already listened to, Beyoncé came with a beautiful huge new project and showed to us why she's called QueenB
o melhor album desse ano parabéns Beyoncé você é a melhor e ninguém vai tirar esse efeito
It is once again that BEYONCÉ demonstrates its versatility and creativity on a well-established basis.A multitude of sounds from various backgrounds, all gathered for a mesmerizing work. Easy to listen to, No complexity, well thought out for a new era! She will be able to convince more than one. Bewitching from the first listening, it will be difficult to choose your favorites! Conclusion The wait was worth it without forgetting that it is 1 project out of 3
Album of the Year. Renaissance is extremely replayable and truly fun to listen to.
Literally change my entire life My queen this album is a cultural reset There u it s nobody who can do what she does Beyoncé more like BeyonSLAY
Ela nunca decepciona. Mostrando um gênero novo parte os fãs e parte o mundo, que com certeza vai mudar mais uma vez como a indústria faz música.
Beyoncé volta ao game pra que a indústria repense a forma de lançar novos projetos. Realmente,é uma OBRA DE ARTE.
beyoncé takes us in another journey again. this adventurous woman showed us her new side, a place where there is sensuality, love and joy. this album to me it’s just so monumental beyoncé.
Perfeito e as transições entre as músicas te fazem ouvir toda a obra sem pular nenhuma
Um dos melhores álbuns de Beyoncé e o maior álbum de 2022. Ela tem a crítica, ela tem vendas, ela tem o povo. É o momento!
Un orgasmo auditivo es lo que BEYONCÉ siempre provoca en mi, esto es algo nuevo para ella y vaya que le queda muy bien, un 10/10 al álbum
Álbum perfeito,eu simplesmente amei. Não tenho mais nada a dizer fiquei a noite toda ouvindo ❤️
Nesse ponto já se pode afirmar que a Beyoncé está em um nível totalmente diferente, que mente perspicaz! Ouvir o álbum é realmente uma viagem única, você surpreende cada vez mais com a produção, vocais potentes e ritmos muito bem misturados. Só poderia ser um trabalho da rainha para ter tanta maestria.
The best album I've ever heard. Ever. Disco, electrónica, house, afrobeat... Plus outstanding vocals, the ones you don't really see often as of 2022.
I loveeeee, Beyoncé como sempre sendo a melhor artista viva da atualidade. As músicas com uma pegada antiga, mas muito atual.
Beyoncé faz o experimentalismo parecer uma marca registrada no repertório dela. Beyoncé se superando mais uma vez.
Beyoncé entregando mais uma obra prima muito bem articulada e produzida. Não tem pra ninguém, ela é maior!!!
it’s AOTY for me!!!!!!!!! beyoncé it’s the most popular and best singer in the world. period.
Um dos meus álbuns favoritos da Beyoncé, as transições são incríveis, a sensação de escutar este álbum é algo único. Mais uma vez a Bey entregando qualidade.
It’s impressive how Beyoncé can make songs and beats as she never has done. Always she puts yourself in new experiments and always her experiments sounds perfect and fully of rich details! I am in love and reborn after enjoying this obra!
Como sempre a rainha da indústria se reinventando, nos trazendo uma obra de arte que vai muito além do que estamos acostumados.
this album is so amazing, Beyoncé makes me feel so happy and confident with a unique album, this'll save a lot of people
OMFG! The ultimate QUEEN is back with a beautiful disco record and shine with the brightest light inspiring everyone in this world.
Such a great album. House and afrobeat goes perfectly together. Beyoncé never disappoints when it comes about reinventing herself.
BEYONCÉ MAIS UMA VEZ MOSTRANDO PORQUE É A MELHOR. SEMPRE SE ARRISCANDO EM COISAS NOVAS E DANDO SUPER CERTO
First Of All its being an honnor to be Alive on The same age Beyoncé's releasing this Masterpiece called RENAISSENCE.The whole Album Transports US to a Time Travel and than we land at 90's with so much glamour and Dance energy to dance till The morning and never feel tired of It. And we Can't Forget That The album makes US Feel so Sexy and Beloved.I Love This Album, and The Songs: Cozy, Cuff It, Energy and Heated are Everything.Perfection.

TENS across the board. After masterpiece Lemonade, Beyoncé does what only the Queen of Music can do: create an ode to the past with new, innovative, dazzling new songs.
Beyoncé entregou o melhor álbum do ano sem prometer nada. A evolução da House Disco completa nesse álbum. Bem executado, coerente, de um bom tom inigualável. Sem dúvidas faz jus ao título de Queen.
Greatest version of her. And more to come! / Melhor versão dela e ainda tem muito mais por vir!
O álbum possui uma mensagem de alegria que vai de encontro e ao mesmo tempo casa como tudo que a beyonce já fez, as mensagens de luta e força que o lemonade trouxe, deixa rastros pequenos mas que fazem a diferença nesse novo álbum.
Melhor álbum do ano Beyoncé e a maior artista viva desse planeta, melhor performance
This album is a masterpiece. The spectacle tribute to gay night life of the 20th century is breathtaking. Beyoncé is undoubtedly the Queen of all music.
UOOOOOUUUUUU, incrível álbum Queen b. SUMMER RENAISSANCE incrível demais
INCREDIBLE NOT EVEN ONE BAD SONG EVERYTHING IS AMAZING I WAS TELEPORTED TO THE 80s CLUBS
Não tem muito o que dizer, Beyoncé sempre entrega perfeição em seus projetos e este é o melhor deles.
Beyoncé did it again, constantly pushing and reinventing herself. The production on this, the transitions, the lyrics, the beats, the vibes… Everything is so well thought out, so creative. I cannot wait to see what comes next ! I cannot wait to see the visuals either. Oh boy this is going to be AN ERA ! Thank you Bey for making us want to dance, want to release the wiggle, want to be fierce and feel sexy. There is no other like you !
Such a great album. Beyoncé served once again a masterpiece for us! Every song brings happiness and makes you wanna dance!
Beyoncé delivered as she always does, she sound so fresh and new and lawd does vocals
Álbum simplesmente incrível! Ressalto as transições! Está SURREAL! A qualidade padrão Bey que nós já conhecemos
Melhor álbum da Beyoncé Desde o LemonadeVocais extremamente perfeito e estética impecável
Listening to this album I was able to travel back in time still feeling the present. An extremely cohesive, well-crafted work.
Perfeição, trazendo muito alegria quando ouço. Quero ficar dançando ele inteiro, me sentindo uma diva ou nas baladas de ballroom.
A Shattered Disco Ball of Experimentation and ChampagneIf, after Homecoming, and songs like Mood 4 Eva, you thought Beyoncé could not reach a new level of confidence and bravado, think again. This is Beyoncé at her boldest and most irreverent. This album feels like Beyoncé swallowed the essence of an illegal rave in downtown New York before conducting a hotbox session with the spirits of Prince and MJ. This woman has never sounded better. Her new lower-register is rich and chocolatey - while her highs have become breathy and soaring to such an extent they border on the supernatural. A huge nod to the producers and sequencers who stitched each track so seamlessly, it's almost sacrilegious not to listen to it in its entirety each time you want to indulge.Beyoncé has achieved something truly stunning that sounds both vintage, abstract, and ahead of itself. Lovely. Just lovely.
10/10 one of her most cohesive and impressive works , she put joy and love in these tracks i love it so much! Good job bey my fav song alien superstar btw
This album is a complete masterpiece , the album has definitely surpassed Beys previous pieces of work! The amount of pride i felt from the 1st listen … there were no skips needed for me.
Um álbum totalmente diferente do que Beyoncé vem trazendo ao longo dos anos, uma homenagem linda a cultura negra.Um álbum elegante, viciante, bem estruturado, com ótimas letras e melodias impecáveis.
Esse álbum está simplesmente: FENOMENAL.Haters, não adianta espumar. Ela realmente RENASCEU e foi com tudo! THE QUEEN IS BACK!!!!
Um álbum muito apreciado e de uma forma nos conecta com várias coisas, aqui ela foi artista, Beyoncé você sabe que só vence a dia
i always think i don’t know how beyoncé can outdo herself and with each release she proves us oh so wrong. this is beyoncé at her most free and confident. the transitions, harmonies, melodies, beats, and just the whole album is a flawless piece of work. truly album of the summer and she’s just getting started. this is only act 1 y’all.
Renaissance add yet another layer that Beyoncé has pulled back on her level of artistry. The homages to past, present, and future all coexist to create a beautifully cohesive album. Beyoncé has found a way to bring people together through music yet again and in these times we could all use JOY.
I can’t believe she keeps getting BETTER EVERY. SINGLE. TIME! The queen is back and I can’t be happier.
Melhor álbum já lançado, Beyoncé entregou sua arte em músicas que se completam, você deve escutar o álbum completo sem pular uma faixa.
Wow! Beyoncé Done Did It Again! This Album is A love a letter To Queer People All Over The World
As transições, a produção, as melodias, os arranjos, tudo milimetricamente pensado produzido. O melhor álbum. As batidas é cereja do bolo.
The best from The Queen B!!! The best from The Queen B!!! The best from The Queen B!!! The best from The Queen B!!! The best from The Queen B!!! The best from The Queen B!!! The best from The Queen B!!!
THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM EVER MADE IN MUSIC HISTORY! BEYONCÉ IS A QUALITY MACHINE, IT'S A SUCCESSFUL MACHINE, IT'S A WINNING MACHINE. AND THAT'S WHY I LOVE HER! BUY RENAISSANCE ON ITUNES LISTEN TO RENAISSANCE ON APPLE MUSIC AND SPOTIFY ❤️
Well, she has done it again. Beyoncé has successfully mastered new sounds all while maintaining the highest level of quality. Renaissance is Beyoncé’s most cohesive and experimental album. With the risks taken, she has proved that there is no genre she cannot conquer.Most importantly, Renaissance pays tribute to communities and people that have not been given their flowers throughout the years - the incorporation of of ballroom elements, from the chants to the sound of fans l, give this album an even further artist boost.Beyoncé is 25 years into her career and shows now sign of slowing down. She IS the bar.
I'm OBSESSED!!!!!! It's what the hive has been waiting for, truly one for the girls and the gays!!!!
It's such an incredible album. She ventured into such different genres for her but she did so flawlessly. 16 tracks with not a single skip she always kept it interesting, never a dull moment. Should be commended her tribute to all those who came before her, she is such a class act
Beyoncé like we’ve never heard her before. It has a very fresh sound to it. This was the most cohesive album i’ve heard in a WHILE.
her best album to date, every track takes you on a journey. worth the 6 year wait. thank you queen B
Everything I’ve been waiting for. Alien Superstar and Virgo’s Groove are in my top 5.
I've already listened to this album 3 times. Bey is absolutely phenomenal!!!
This album is a MASTERPIECE!!! Beyoncé constantly reinvents herself. She is in a class of her own. Applause!!!
It's just a body of art, transitions, 25 years in the Game still doing fresh music for all us, great álbum
She’s an icon, she’s a legend, and she is the moment!! The album is amazing, legendary, iconic. She is the alien superstar. She is that girl. She is THIQUE. She is Beyoncé
Beyoncé always comes with something different every album, and it’s always perfect. The vocals go crazy. She is the King and the Queen. Crown her.
Adding to the abundance of retro-futurism permeating the landscape of pop & underscoring the need for escapism in a tumultuous time - Beyoncé has crafted yet another masterpiece in her oeuvre. RENAISSANCE is a journey, an experience, and a tribute all at once. A call to the dance floor, a battle cry to the rave. It’s Beyoncé’s world and we’re living in it.
AINT NO WAY THIS ALBUM IS THIS SPECTACULAR. THERE IS DRUGS IN THIS WHOLE ALBUM. BEYONCÉ CANT KEEP DOING THIS TO US. AND THIS IS JUST ACT 1??????? OMGG
Her best work to date. Not afraid of taking risks, creating top quality songs, excellency from start to finish. There is a feeling of her old previous records being put in a blender and this coming out. Love the disco sound, love the confident lyrics she always writes. This album is raw, sexy, fun, classy. She once again proved that she's the greatest artist alive.
Sonically this album is immersive & indulgent. Drawing from a genre of music that posthumously celebrates the contributions of its originators during a time of upheaval & uncertainty. Queer artists leant their souls to this album and their spirits are felt in every single track. Renaissance is needed. It feels new because because Beyoncé’s impact is magical & undeniably felt. The vocals on this album are reminiscent of her debut album Dangerously In Love but with a heaviness and maturity that only time & lived experience affords you. A Renaissance indeed.
This album is TASTEEEEE!!!! the transitions to the next song are cleeeeeean!!! even if you listen to the songs separately the songs are still a hit. The emotions i felt when i was listening to this we’re excited, wanting to dance, screaming, crying, and back again to being excited hahaha i can’t say i have a favorite because i love all the songs and i’ll be streaming all her songs till her the very end
Beyoncé, I am so proud of you. 10/10. This album is unlike any other album Beyoncé has created before. Stand out tracks: I’m that girl, Cozy, Alien Superstar, Church Girl, Pure, Summer Renaissance.
This album eats. Beyoncé is peerless, innovating, and ethereal. NO ONE DOES IT LIKE HER. Go play in traffic with a blindfold before you play with her. She is MOTHER. 15/10. AOTY!!!!!
The queen reminded us that real talent still exist. Every listen the album gets better!!
yes, she did it again. but this is not a surprise, of course SHE ATE!!!!!!!
It’s clear Beyoncé did not come to play. Her music ear is so unmatched and this was the record to prove it. It’s loud, it’s groovy and it’s organic. So many pieces and they fit. You may not get some songs on the first listen but, if you just let the music flow from I’m That Girl to Summer Renaissance you’ll enjoy the mastery of every single piece each producer, engineer, mixer and of course the EP of it all Beyoncé. Time for a RENAISSANCE!
babadoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Such a fun album! My top 3s: 1. AMERICA HAS A PROBLEM 2. Alien superstar 3. Cuff it
This album speaking to where Beyoncé is at in her life and her artistry. This album is about self confidence, love, healing, understanding who you are. She touches on so many topics but does it in Beyoncé way. Renaissance is relatable to everyone. She is breaking the fourth wall and letting everyone into this renaissance club where you are free to be yourself. Renaissance is telling a story that we all can relate and as you continue to listen you continue to discover more and more not just about the songs but about yourself. Beyoncé is the only artist that tops herself over and over again. Each album she puts out just gets better. This is just the first act so act ii and act iii is really bout to change everything just like every Beyoncé album. Thank you Beyoncé for allowing us to be free, to love, to heal, to give us understanding through this masterpiece that is Renaissance that will live on for decades to come. We love you Queen
I love, omg so f*ck perfect this album. Yes Queen b, tou serve again. Espero que a tour venha para o Brasil
Beyoncé exudes freedom on this album, it’s a journey of dance,fun, sexiness with amazing vocals and seamless transitions. Her best body of work
Beyonce is always reinventing herself. What a good way to start the weekend. Thanks, B
Beyonce does not make albums, she makes EXPERIENCES!!! And what an amazing experience this one was. The vocals were perfection, with her lower register really shining. The album was paced beautifully; there was never a moment where I felt bored as the slower tempo tracks were kept balanced by songs like Break My Soul and Cuff It. The production was 11/10, and managed to make an old sound stay fresh.
This **** is in different areas!!! Slayed the game as usual. Obsessed. Can’t wait to listen to this on repeat for the rest of the summer!
Bello tu álbum amiga, Bello tu álbum amiga, Bello tu álbum amiga, Bello tu álbum amiga Bello tu álbum amiga, Bello tu álbum amiga, Bello tu álbum amiga, Bello tu álbum amiga
The Queen is back . Bow Down. This album is a gift to everyone’s ears, it’s uplifting and a feel good album.
An amazing fresh, different, and empowering body of work!! Hands down one of her best.
Sonically, TRANSCENDENT. Her best yet. TRULY. Bravo. It’s sounds we’ve heard and sounds we haven’t. Each song has an individual journey connected to each other by FIRE transitions.
Un chef d’œuvre ! Beyoncé sait traverser les décennies en ce réinventant chaque fois ‘
the new album is simply phenomenalshe managed to bring a new reality to us, she differentiated herself from many of her old albumswith incredible vocals and just perfect transitionsI was reborn with this album
Good Job Bey! Awesome, lush, new, fresh, once again delivering excellence, my favorite track is alien superstar!
A maior artista viva, o álbum é uma delícia de se ouvir não sabemos quando muda de uma faixa para a outra pois as pontes são simplesmente impecáveis. E nele vemos uma Beyoncé que nunca fo mostrada antes, mais solta e menos polida. Sabe se reinventar a era e nunca cair no esquecimento
A polished and powerful celebration of Black queer artistry, this album is an artist in their prime. Beyonce is exploring new sounds with intention and focus. This album is the culmination of all of her previous work, coming together to create a beautiful new world.
Groundbreaking album, from beginning to end all the songs transition seamlessly between each other. You can tell she was trying to experiment with different sounds while sounding modern, BUT originally B. 10/10 album would recommend to everyone!!
Her finest work to date, so many layers vocally, conceptually and in terms of production and reference. A beautiful tribute to a community.
This album is a collection of historyThis album, which every album should be but isn'tthese days, is art. Music is art and art holds ahistory, a story. This time around it is the story ofblackness and queerness. That means it's not foreveryone but the lower reviews aren't reflectiveof the actual artistry happening with this album,just a lack of understanding. I implore everyone tolisten to the samples and learn about their impactto the music, black and queer community thentake another step back and look at the innovationhappening. Appreciate art with a deeper story andhistory. Too many are used to music that burns outand is one sided.
This album that visits a myriad of musical styles topped off with Beyonce's vocals. dancing and empowered
WOWThis is everything I wanted and much more Beyoncé has done it again!!Such feel good and uplifting songs.I feel so good about myself
The best album of 2022. Very nostalgic, yet original, disco yet electronic. I loved it!!
Impossible to fully describe how I feel about this album so soon after the release. With this blaring in my ears, I can close my eyes and feel transported. I feel like I'm glowing listening to her. She will never disappoint the true stans because the vocals are ALWAYS BEYOND and her tracks always complex and mesmerizing. Her influences are consistently honoured with her own style and it's perfection. I'm so thrilled about the more alternative direction she took with this album, it's everything I'd hoped for. Love you forever Bey and shoutout to Uncle Jonny
Spoiler Alert
It's fkn amazing! Beyonce is a once in a lifetime artist. Nobody compares. The transitions from song to song are top notch. I mean...Album of the decade!
Simply perfect! Beyoncé once again innovating without fear. I feel like I've been abducted into this new and immersive environment created by her.
Want an amazing album is this! At first I had my doubts because I had to get used to the sound. But I can’t stop listening. So many great songs she delivered. Such as: I’m that girl, cozy, alien superstar, cuff it, energy, move, heated, summer renaissance. Something different than the usual **** and some good one liners! Good sounds en lyrics. 10/10
Renaissance is a real masterpiece. ALBUM OF THE YEAR! Beyoncé managed to overcome herself once again!!!
An amazing album. She's really untouchable - there's no one else out there who is even close to her level.
Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter I’ve been a BeyHive since grade school; BeyHive #18 to be exact and this album has truly shown her growth as an artist, as a woman, and as an entertainer. Her melodic vocals never disappoint, and many artist take the gay community for granted but not Beyoncé she has shed light on our unique community, and the joy and live we all bring into the world. Every song can be heard on a radio, commercial, movie, advertisement, because it’s that GOOD! This album will be a timeless piece of art.
A maior das maiores ………………………. A maior das maiores ………………………. A maior das maiores ………………………. A maior das maiores ………………………. A maior das maiores ……………………….
I was nervously anticipating this album considering self-titled and Lemonade are two of the best albums released in ‘recent’ times imo and people were saying this was going to be a lot different. My fears were unfounded as this album is gorgeous. Very sonically cohesive, the themes are just pure JOY and happiness. For me there’s not a single weak song on the album but I love the vocal delivery on IM THAT GIRL, the chorus of ALIEN SUPERSTAR and VIRGOS GROOVE. But literally any song could be my favourite atm
AMAZING! Artists don’t put this effort into their work anymore. Listening to the album in order the transitions are impeccable. Makes you feel like dancing, and singing at the top of your lungs.
Álbum incrível, é maravilhoso ver Beyonce voltando as pistas de dança e levando todos nós junto com ela! Melhor álbum do ano vem ai! ❤️
10/10 she is just the most incredible and diverse artist ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
“Renaissance” is the sound we’ve been needing for a long time. From the vocals, harmonies, beat, and samples Beyoncé has truly created a masterpiece, yet again. Not to mention the way songs transition beautifully to next. If anything this album reminds me of artists who make music/quick albums simply for hits rather than to make art and how i can appreciate real music over a “quick hit”.
This album as a body of work is nothing less than exceptional. The production, the vocals, the references and the influences have shown that Beyoncé is a master at what she does. Possibly one of the greatest albums I have ever heard, not just from Beyoncé.
This album surrounds you, is the perfect amount of agressive, original and experimental. Beyoncé joins late the new wave of house music but for sure she is going to lead it as far as she wants. Alien Superstar, Move and Heated my favs so far.
There's nothing Beyoncé can't do. She showcases her voice in many different levels we didn't think it was possible. The transitions? An experience! How can every song be so different but connect perfectly? She did it again.
Songs? Perfection. Vocals? Perfection. Beats? Perfection. Runs? Perfection.Lyrics? Perfection. Album? Godly.
This woman just continues to top herself, project after project. I don’t even have the words to describe what I just experienced and i am surely not prepared for what’s to come.
Everything she has done surpasses her, she feels so rich and silky with this new groove and vibe, from her darker lower register to the up going notes that she delivers flawlessly, the album pumps you throughout the beats to feel good, happy, and powerful in the time we don’t feel like it, I couldn’t wait more from her, she broke my expectations, she NAILED IT, that’s why she’s my favorite she my queen.
Beyoncé’s best album by far. It has a mix of genres with a heavy focus on dance/ house. Every song off the album is in my top 25 of the year and maybe even decade.
I just loved everything about this album, the lyrics and energetic beats are amazing. Listening to Renaissance is literally an experience of rebirthing your taste in music
é a maioral mesmo, a mana entregou um álbum que trás disco, dance, no jumps, aclamação e coesão entre todas as faixas...obrigada mami por me fazer RENASCER mais uma vez!!!!!
PERFEITO!!! eu ameiiiiii. Dançante, alegre, contagiante. te faz vibrar, sentir uma energia massa! eu estou curtindo ele agora, inclusive. me fez lembrar de músicas antigas do house, muitas referências incríveis, estou feliz em poder desfrutar dessa nova era da mami Beyoncé!
This album got me movingAlbum of the yearI literally been playing this album on repeat since it got released…..If I try listening to something else it feels like I’m going through withdrawal.
Beyoncé continuing to change the game album after album. Renaissance proving that Beyoncé is that girl and further solidifying her place as number one
There will never be an artist with so much range and evolution as Beyoncé. She is a performer of the ages and this album pushes her music forward while also paying homage to those who came before her in the black & queer community. "10's across the board!"
SOMETHING FRESH. SOMETHING DIFFERENT. ITS ALWAYS GOOD TO STEP OUTSIDE THE BOX AND TRY SOMETHING GOOD. ONE THING ABOUT HER SHES ALWAYS IN TO LEVEL HERSELF. SHE DONE IT AGAIN
Tantalising; full of hope in a time where, in the creation of this first act, covid was amidst the lives of many & society full of fear- Renaissance is a joy to many, a pop/dance attributed album with hints of hip-hop influence combined with rap that just makes you feel good. In a different direction to her last album, Lemonade, Beyoncé is showing that she can use her music for the greater good; to dissipate the negativity swirled by the terror of the past few years. A great addition to her discography, yet, alas, it is not perfect either in my opinion. Despite all of the positivity oozing out of this album & its messages, some tracks sound, unfinished, or, upon initial listen, don’t really grasp me. I would have loved to see some more experiments in production outside of the trap-pop beat and influences, but I understand this album is one act out of possibly a trilogy of albums, which in itself is truly exciting. All in all, a solid album with some great take-away messages. Beyoncé never fails to enlighten our moods and souls with her music, and this one is no exception.
It’s excellent. The production is extremely innovative while keeping the nostalgic aspect of the genre. Every song is its own world.
This was my very first time experiencing a Beyoncé album release besides The Gift Album! And Whew! This might be my favorite Beyonce album!! The way she constantly shakes things up and re-invents herself. Whether you like Beyoncé or not, one thing remains true. She will always raise the bar, she’s in a lane of her own.
Such a great album, takes you away to another world while listening to it! She never disappoints, its BEYONCÉ at the end of the day.
Just a fantastic album. Fresh and new and exactly what the world needed. Beyoncé takes us with her to show us what she’s learned: that your true self - THIQUE and UNIQUE - is what you and the world needs. I can’t wait to hear this in a club.
This is absolutely a piece of art. The whole album is specially made to be heard like a full song divided in 16 parts that doesn’t look alike but are complimentary to each other. The transitions are insane, I don’t remember any album doing something like this before with this accuracy. I can’t describe how she overpassed what I was expecting. All these songs will be even better on live performances. Can’t wait for the next acts. She’s the art itself.
the queen of music. she do it again. renaissance: the biggest album of 2022. thanks, b. love u
A Verdadeira dona da Indústria musical servindo seu primeiro álbum com investimento na era dos streamings. Trazendo de volta a celebração da vida, numa época em que ser gay, queer e preto era um pecado. Beyoncé eu nunca serei capaz de agradecer a Deus por ter me dado a oportunidade de nascer na mesma época que você. ❤️
Simplesmente uma viagem aos anos 80 e 90, mas ao mesmo tempo uma viagem ao futuro, foi isso que ela conseguiu com esse incrível e impecável álbum. Usando grandes samples da história da música negra não só nos Estados Unidos, mas do mundo inteiro, ela conseguiu harmonias perfeitas, com batidas vibrantes que te fazem dançar querendo ou não. Todas as 16 faixas são bem selecionadas e bem produzidas, eu não mudaria uma vírgula em toda a obra. Beyoncé tem se provado uma artista como nenhuma outra na história do POP, e seu sétimo álbum de estúdio é uma prova disso, algo inimaginável diante da grandeza do Lemonade(2016), que por sua vez superou a grandeza do álbum Beyoncé(2013). Resta esperar os outros dois alguns e tudo que essa nova era vai nos proporcionar.
Beyoncé minha cara amiga, você sempre sabe como inovar e quebrar tabus com suas músicas, esse álbum traz luz, traz vontade de viver. Sua música me inspira em tantas formas que você JAMAIS imaginaria, nós só temos a agradecer por toda sua arte e obras perfeitas que nos cotemplam desde sua realizaçãoCada faixa que escuto nesse albúm é como se fosse uma tora em meu rego, a produção das faixas é incrível, simplesmente perfeita, cada fetalhe, backing vocals, galera ela se superou, esse foi um dos melhores trabalhos dela e não é atoa que a mesma é apelidada de Queen B!
cada álbum que a beyoncé lança, ela consegue provar do por que é a maior artista viva nesse século!!! VIDA LONGA A QUEEN B
Esse álbum é um acontecimento. A qualidade era garantida, mas é incrível como essa mulher se reinventa. A maior e melhor que já existiu.
pure excellence. super fun and makes you want to dance. Beyoncé at her finest!
My review of #Renaissance:Beyoncé’s Renaissance is an ode to the greats of house, funk, and dance before her. The infectious melodies make you want to get up and dance; the album hearkens to memories of a great night at the club. It stands on its own as a masterpiece. While being a new sound, its a sound that fits her perfectly. The album was great, the transitions were seamless (listening in order, you feel like you’re listening to one long song) and each song was better than the last. I VERY RARELY say this, but the album was skipless. 10/10
Uma nova Beyoncé, um novo som. De longe o trabalho mais arriscado e desafiador de sua carreira.
A MAIOR ARTISTA DO MUNDO. BEYONCÉ SEJA LOUVADA
She has reinvented herself again, exploring spaces never trodden before. beside, she is able to talk about herself at same time put some structural agendas on spolight here. And, It’s impressed how tacks, actually, seem only one, a careful job but different from that known perfection of previous jobs.
This album is literally a perfection. Beyonce managed to deliver vocals, house, dance and black culture in a single flawless project. After Lemonade, I believe we can pass on the title of best album to RENAISSANCE, which represents the entire construction of a rhythm marked by black people. Congratulations, Beyonce. Once again you delivered everything we were promised, concept, acclaim and cohesion. One of the best albums available.
Do começo ao fim, magnífico, estupendo, único, incomparável, harmônico, muito bem produzido.
RENAISSANCE é um álbum perfeito! É um álbum feito e pensando para ser escutado do início ao fim, capaz de transformar uma simples sala em um salão de baile. Te transmite uma energia surreal, além de te levar para um lugar especial, onde você pode ser livre de tudo. RENASCIMENTO é uma obra de arte. A sonoridade, Tem conceito, coesão e merece MUITA aclamação. É diferente de tudo que a Beyoncé já nos trouxe. BEY voltou e está armada. Ela traz muitas ameaças em si.
Trabalho maravilhoso... fica difícil escolher qual a melhor musica... não esperava menos da Beyoncé... uma cantora maravilhosa, super talentosa.Simplesmente amei!!
BEST ALBUM OF THE YEAR and I’m sorry but there is NO DISCUSSION possible. She is the standard. Adele, Rihanna, Taylor, Nicki, Ariana, etc so basically ALL OF YOUR FAVES have once told that they look up to queen B either vocally or art wise. I’m so, so glad to be living while she is living. She is the only one capable of creating FRESH music every release. You could just accept that Beyonce IS the bar ❤️
Muito bom álbum, trás uma sonoridade diferente e os vocais são únicos.Fiquei surpresa com Heated, Cuff It e Plastic off sofa.
HER BEST ALBUM, long live the Queen. A real legend, no one is like her!!!!!
I thought Beyoncé had reached the peak of her artistry when Lemonade came out because it was a cultural reset. Not surprisingly, here we are yet again, witnessing history being made. Renaissance its incredible from beggining to end and only Beyoncé could make a masterpiece like this.
A great mix between old and something never heard before. I was definitely taken back with this album it literally makes you wanna be in a club dancing with good vibes.
This album is easily one of the best if not the only thing that's out right now that incorporates more than one genre of music. It's elegant its classy its bad **** worthy.
I absolutely love this album. She really experimented with different styles of music and it came out very well. Beyoncé is a real legend
perfeito!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sonically, Renaissance reveals a matured, eclectic form of Beyoncé; an accumulation of her 25 year career. It’s experimental, risky, but in it’s core it reeks of the classic Beyoncé we know and love. Tracks like ALIEN SUPERSTAR represent this juxtaposition through its futuristic production and the smooth, otherworldly chorus and spoken word segments. Beyoncé diverts even further away from the norm in tracks like ALL UP IN YOUR MIND where the production is intense, heavy, yet balanced by the lyrical content. Renaissance pushes the envelope through the exceptionally executed samples, blending of genres, and feel-good lyrics. Renaissance is a masterclass in paying homage to the musical legends of our time, while simultaneously being refreshing and consumable for the underrepresented groups it speaks to. 10/10.
I’m loving the new sound from her. America we have a problem is my favorite.
Não há muito que se descrever, apenas que é simplesmente perfeito
A perfect album, with lots of joy and love. the best of recent times. Beyoncé always delivering the best.
Músicas dançante, com melodias que não enjoam, muito bem elaborado, coeso
I'm gagged on a 24/7 cycle. You don't need like an artist to appreciate artistic vision and execution. Everyone who worked on this masterpiece is absolutely incredible!!! Well done Beyonce
Beyoncé keeps on setting the bar high for herself. Who would've thought shed top Lemonade with ease. Renaissance is a body of work, the album is fun, genius and easy on the ears. I love it so much.
None of her albums sound the same! This is a masterpiece! Not scared to explore sounds! Even if it means displeasing others.
Beyonce is pure perfection, this album is classic Beyonce. From the songs transitions to the vocals and production
THIS ALBUM IS PERFECTIM SO EXCITED FOR THIS ERA !!!SHE’S SLAYING BABYYYYthe motha fkin queen is back.
Literally ARTISTICALLY AMAZING!!!!!!!!! I CANT GET ENOUGH OF THE ALBUM!!!!! ALIEN SUPERSTAR IS INSANE!
This review contains spoilers, click expand to view.
Um dos melhores albuns! Eu ameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeei!!
Bom p/ caralho. Preparem as festas, bebidas e se divirtam pq esse álbum merece ser curtido demais. Queen B. sempre servindo qualidade.
Just incredible! This album is very fun to listen to, brings much joy! Vocals, beats, music - nothing is missing!
Perfect album. 10s across the board. Beyoncé's artistry is something for the books. Always being a student of music and putting out work better than her last.
This is the dance album we have needed! Beyoncé did the damn thing with this. I appreciate her homages to the late great Teena Marie and Donna Summer. The only reason I’m saying it’s a 9 off rip is because Lemonade has a very deep spot in my heart. But this may change the longer I listen to Renaissance!
The sequencing and transition from one song to another is incredible. This is something new from the Queen. Please listen to this album with an open mind, forget about the past projects from her, you will experience something new that you've never heard before.
Beyoncé made this album for the gay escapist. It gave what it said it was supposed to give.
Renaissance takes Beyonce' on an eccentric yet enthralling sonic adventure. Unlike her past projects, Beyonce is stepping into newfound territory with dabbing into various sub-genres within the electronic/dance scene (ex. Alien Superstar, All Up In Your Mind, Pure/Honey) while providing luscious R&B grooves (ex. Plastic Off The Soda and Virgo's Groove).
10s across the board!!! this album holds up a glittery disco ball to listeners and mirrors the palpable freedom Beyoncé felt in the studio.
10’s ACROSS THE BOARD!!!! she ate down on this one fr!!! Beyoncé can never go wrong! Love how she experiments with different sounds every time and it’s always an amazing experience
um dos melhores álbuns ja feitos. it's AOTY period!!!! vocais perfeitos, harmonias que te fazem transceder, produção outro nível. ITS PERFECT
The ability Beyoncé has to surpass herself is insane
O álbum está impecável! A produção, as composições, as transições, os vocais e o conceito!!! É HOUSE!!!!
Listened to it back to back in it’s entirety. It’s definitely a bop! Cozy, Move, Thique and Church Girl are a few of my favorites.
Beautiful Amazing 16 tracks (No Skips) The Queen is back and she’s not coming to play
This album gave everything. It should win the album of the year for Grammy cause all the songs on it were perfect.
Perfeito, leva minha alma pra outra dimensão Te amo Beyonce ❤️
Renaissance is the best album of beyoncé!!!!!!!!!!!Jaajajajajakajsjahagssvakaksosis
The Queen did it again! This album may be her best work yet. Renaissance embodies Beyoncé’s growth as a musician and her acceptance, better yet, celebration, of being exactly who she is. Renaissance features exquisite production, vocal gymnastics, and lyrical ingenuity. Thank God for continuous evolution that is Beyoncé because no one alive on this planet can hold a candle to the icon herself.
Perfect! Beyoncé is so powerful and talented! She can do everything she wants. Renaissance is about dance and feel strong and great. I loved!
É o album coeso e suas transições são perfeitas bey alcançou um conceito incrivel e com mudicas incriveis e dançantes
This album is everything and more. It is exactly what we needed from the Queen. It is most definitely Album of the year, a timeless masterpiece. I am here for all of it!!!
The transitions, the beats, lyrics, errthang is incredible. By far one of the best albums of all time.
Amazing record, wonderful and brilliant!
Unbeatable, each of the songs makes me dance to the rhythm of one of the best albums of the year
I loved these new sounds of hers, such a versatile artist , my top 3 are:MoveAlien superstar Virgos groove
Best album ever. Queen B never disappoints and I love how versatile she is...best work
É completamente perfeito, a cada transição de uma faixa para outra você entra em puro êxtase. Bey is back!!!
O melhor álbum do ano! O melhor álbum da décadaEla trás o House para o topo e resgata a cultura preta de volta Sem mais, a maior que temos.
Transitions were beautiful nobody can make timeless music like her. She’s a legend. She is the moment.
Os vocais precisos e a estética perfeitas! Uma artista que sai do óbvio e busca ser única em todos os aspectos da palavra.
Um dos melhores álbuns da bey, tá simplesmente impecável. As transições de uma música pra outra esta magnífico. Simplesmente ela entregou tudo.
é um álbum perfeito, com produções lindas e bem feitas.beyonce é uma grande artista
This album is so welcoming and transformative for our people! Bringing relevant themes, black people, respect for women, empowerment, freedom, judgment.... Amazing project!
Very good , AOTY BEYONCEEEE , melhor álbum da carreira , a maior , a mais foda da indústria
O álbum é repleto de referências a música house. Beyoncé é agressiva, as batidas são retumbantes e as letras são energéticas.
Que álbum magnífico, Beyoncé mais uma vez se reinventando e mostrando que ela é a maior artista viva!
Beyoncé a cada trabalho se renova, quando a gente acha que ela já fez de tudo ela vem e mostra que pode ir além. Ela é a maior artista viva!!
Eu amei o álbum, achei algo único revolucionário, mudando concerteza o rumo da indústria mundial.
O ÁLBUM FICOU SIMPLESMENTE MARAVILHOSO, canções que me deram vontade de dançar, que elevaram o meu ânimo. Uma proposta totalmente diferente do que eu esperava, mas que me surpreenderam positivamente. BEYONCÉ você é PERFEITA
Absolute feel good music!Was abit reluctant to listen but pleasantly surprised with how good this album is!!
Amei como o álbum é coeso, as composições são maravilhosas e a sonoridade é detalhada.
Renaissance make me feel alive after dark years. Beyoncé is the most relevant voice of our generation. She’s a gold gun against the liquid culture and a big alert of master quality.
This album, track by track is so good, she harmonized every single track together and it’s all good, her voice is unquestionably IT.
Melhor álbum dos últimos anos, Beyonce é magnífica!,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Just incredible all the way through! This album/sound is so needed right now & you can truly feel Beyoncé’s comfort in herself and the joy of experimenting & releasing herself into her art.
Magnifico, necessário e dançante! Beyoncé não promete ela entrega!Nota 10!
Uniqueness is one of words that can describe 7th studio album by artist that never fails or is afraid to push herself.Renaissance
Album of the year. Beyoncé is evolving artistically and musically. This album shows nothing but growth and evolution from Beyoncé that we all needed to see.
O melhor álbum da Beyoncé. Sem dúvidas é o álbum do ano. Uma obra de arte. Beyoncé sempre superando qualquer expectativa que a gente tenha.
Amazing new sound for Beyoncé and boy did I think she had done it all, this is a new wave for her artistry. I am pleased and I am enjoying this Renaissance Album. Excellence Beyonce
O trabalho de Beyoncé sempre é extremamente perfeccionista! Dos arranjos, aos vocais, a maneira como ela emite cada nota é perfeitamente pensado e cheio de emoção! Ela te transporta pra outra década e quando vc acha que já aprendeu a música, ela da uma reviravolta de ritmos e vocais e vira outra coisa! Eu tô hipnotizado e apaixonado por essa obra prima!
Melhor música dançante e com uma voz perfeita de Beyoncé ... Meu álbum preferido
Esse álbum, este incrível álbum é perfeito, assim como nossa Bey. Não consigo parar de ouvir. É contagiante! Beyoncé nunca nos decepciona. Ouvindo aqui no Brasil e até esqueço do merda do presidente. Obrigada Beyoncé!
Simplesmente a maior! Prometeu tudo e superou.Nada acima.Trouxe de volta o que o pop estava perdendo.
Never expect anything less than excellence from Queen B. Even after more than 20 years in the game, she's still raising the bar and that's just legend behavior.
Best, most complete album experience since her last solo venture Lemonade. A true body of work that encapsulates a world of freedom and expression from one song to the next. Escapism at its absolute FINEST. Once you start the album its a ride with no breaks and if you put it on shuffle, you're going to jail.
Beyoncé as always evolving on her albums. This woman is the queen of the world!
Beyoncé’s 7th studio album showcase all her growth and maturity through her flawless career, bringing amusing vocals, runs and riffs with the clear influence of house music from ballroom scene, sparkling pop that evokes us to the dance floor.
"A importância de Beyoncé muitas vezes é distorcida pela hipérbole que a cerca, mas 'Renaissance' nos dá algo para pensar: quem na música pop permaneceu tão relevante por tanto tempo?" — The Washington Post
Listen… this is just Part 1. We’re gagged… and this is JUST PART 1!!! The transitions are seamless, by the time a new song starts it’s like a nice surprise. Trap Disco is here!!!
MUITO BOM MAIS QUE BOM BELÍSSIMO MELHOR ÁLBUM EM ANOS ENTREGOU TUDO BEYONCE
Lendário! Icônico! Memorável! Inesquecível! Unique! Pure! Disco! House! Dance!
Ela preparou com tanto carinho este primeiro ato. Devemos enaltecer esse trabalho, ela merece.
Yonce never fails . The best there has ever been . She sets it for most i personally believe
Beyoncé has done it again. Definitely one of her best albums to date. If you haven’t listened I highly recommend that you do. The production of this album, the lyrics, the beats, it’s all absolutely flawless. Beyoncé deserves all the awards for this one. Definitely a masterpiece piece. Album of the year!!!!
This album is pure art. Beyoncé is art.I'm screaming aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
25 years into the music industry & Beyoncé can still deliver freshness and quality like no other.
Flawless album perfeito sempre impressionado os fãs te amamos we love you #Brazil
One of her best albums. It’s like most amazing homogeneous song you have ever heard. It has to be experienced from beginning till the end. It is so meticulously put together. I am in the awe of how Beyoncé manages to offer us these monumental experiences that we are gonna remember our whole life. ALBUM OF THE YEAR! A decision was never this easy.
The legendary queen delivering a true masterpiece once again. Now we can feel the renaissance emerging and we love it.
Amazing! This is literally the best album I've ever heard in my whole life. I love the way Beyoncé knows how to do a job and always wow us, Long live to Renaissance!
The most powerful Beyonce's album so far? It's hard to say that because of BEYONCE and LEMONADE, but it's true. Impossible choose just one song or skip another one. An amazing experience that only her could have give us.
amazing breathtaking ground breaking love love love america has a problem is my favorite the breakbeats it’s what the world needs
Melhor álbum do ano, maior artista da geração de todos os tempos. Não adianta, a Beyonce sempre vai ser a maior e com a sua visão visionária, ela chegará a lugares que nunca nenhum artista chegou ou chegará.
The album was a completely different sound, but in the most pleasant way. Each track blended seamlessly with the other
it's the album of my life i loved it. the enveloping beat, the impeccable vocals as always, beyonce once again delivered the best album of the year
O álbum está perfeito e impactante, uma nova era diferente das anteriores fazendo com que a Beyoncé mostre o quão talentosa ela é. Uma nova vibe, uma nova era… um verdadeiro renascimento.
Futuristic. A sonic adventure. Beyoncé takes you to different worlds with love being the common theme. It feels like the best club you’ve ever been to and with every track you go into a different room. There is something for everyone. Open your mind and get in touch with your fun alter ego and I promise you will find something special with this project.
Sensacional de bom , magnifico , i love you Beyoncé come to brazillllll Queen
Bey is back and one things she doesn’t do is miss. This album is for the freaky girls, pretty boys and the gays. It is a love letter to ballroom, the LGBTQIA+ community. It makes you want to move your body! With collaborations with The Clark Sisters, Donna Summer, and other icons, Beyoncé’s RENAISSANCE is a rebirth on iconic music from the 90’s. Each listen gets better and better. Each transition is FLAWLESS, ever vocal is clear, every beat hits hard!!
This album is truly a masterpiece. You can hear the dedication and attention to detail Bey put in this. Top 3 Beyoncé album and i’m so thankful God put me in a timeline with Beyoncé
The best Álbum. A sonoridade do Renaissance é simplesmente incrível! É o tipo de Álbum que vc escuta sem pular nenhuma faixa. É incrível. Obrigado por esse renascimento, Beyoncé.
SOLTA O HOUSE BEYONCÉ! Álbum completamente diferente dos outros trabalhos e mesmo assim ela conseguiu entregar perfeitamente a alegria que o mundo todo estava precisando na hora certa!
It's a amazin album, beyonce is getting older like wine. She always getting better and better!
Perfeito, a mamãe nunca decepciona! Obrigada pelos mimos queen B, Summer e breck my soul são as melhores, não vejo a hora de vê o álbum visual
I'm overwhelmed with gratitude, Beyoncé did the House so good, clearly a new chapter in her career, Renaissance is the Album of The Year.
give her her 10s! her best! she went in the studio and did what she needed to do. and with no features!
nada mais nada menos que a maior artista viva.não dava para esperar menos que a perfeição.
Álbum do ano, de longe o melhor da carreira, ótimas transações entre músicas, batida envolvente e vocal impecável.
The Queen is Back and she’s in her bag. Beyoncé will forever be relevant. The album is 10 out of 10 from start to finish. This is her Album of the year.
The Beyoncé’s masterpiece. Listen to Renaissance is like to enter in the Heavens Door.
What a maestro! Her mastery of musical scales, harmonies, melismas and incredible tone combined with her producer's ear, choice of team, instrumentation(!!!)and samples & interpolations coupled with her drive just make this album a MONOLITH, for sentimental and sociological reasons. The laudatory nature of her anthological (through features, samples and interpolation, she explores the origins of house music, discotheque and highlights the oft overlooked Black roots of Funk music) unapologetically pro LGBTQI+, sex positivity make this a musicologist's dream review, and it opens up an avenue for dialogue around the disenfranchisement of queer people of Color within the music industry once their novations go 'mainstream'. The record is undeniable; it is seamless, fresh and yet instantly familiar: a celebration of the history of dance music and a wonderful addition to an unimpeachable discography! Beyoncé remains the standard; a virtuoso who is also an incredibly under-rated curator and taste maker. ALBUM OF THE YEAR!
This album is absolutely FIRE!! So many amazing hits! Beyonce did her thing!!
Spoiler Alert: IT SLAPSSSS. Such a great album thank you Beyoncé for stepping out of your comfort zone and giving us this album
This album is pure fire
She rlly stepped into something else. Truly an experimental masterpiece. She is g.o.a.t
Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen
O álbum é perfeito do inicio ao fim. As transições de CUFF IT, ENERGY, BREAK MY SOUL E CHURCH GIRL é uma das maiores perfeições desse álbum. HEATED, VIRGO GROOVE, PURE/HONEY E RENAISSANCE SUMMER te levam direto para o sentimento de confiança e poder para ir direto para uma balada dos anos 80 pronto para vencer uma batalha de Ballroom. Esse álbum é de longe um dos melhores do milenio e da carreira.
This album has songs that all just blend into each other and sometimes that style is not executed properly but that was not the case with her. she was able to combine these songs so effortlessly and smoothly. The album has callbacks to ballroom culture. Things that really resonate to queer POC in my opinion. Maybe just Queer people in general. The samples she uses are absolutely brilliant. She gave us an hour of pure fun. An hour full of confidence, sexiness and a bombshell baddie aesthetic. She did something very different here and it was just right. with dark techno beats and stuff like that she created a masterpiece. Her vocals and layering are absolutely beautiful. Just like a siren. She did what needed to be done to create the perfect album. it’s a 10/10.
RENAISSANCE: Beyoncé's best album, fervent and enveloping beats that make you travel on a dance floor and disco and rap from the 80's/90's. Congrats Queen!
Beyoncé sempre se renovando com os seus álbuns e sempre conseguindo se superar
Esse é o primeiro álbum house que eu realmente ouço e é o melhor que já ouvi em toda a minha vida.
A maior artista viva!! Tão gostoso ouvir as melodias que me fazem reviver os anos 80s parabéns Bey mais uma vez você se superou
Man, COZY is special to me, I've heard it more than 60 times
it's a timeless album, Beyoncé has never done a job as well done as this one, everything on this album is different just what she did and they were doing. explored things we would never have imagined her doing.this album is the meaning of art in its purest essence! all the vocal beats transitions of a song, this album is the best released this year, and I dare say this decade.
Such a fun and refreshing album amid the turmoil that’s going on in the world. This finds Beyoncé more vulgar and expressive than ever. One can tell that it was beautifully & heavily inspired by LGBTQIA+ club culture and Beyoncé really lost herself in the music- in the best way. Go in with an open mind because this is Beyoncé in a way we haven’t quite heard her before- as far as the production of the songs & vocal delivery of the lyrics. Her voice has also changed, she’s adjusted to it very well, and is showcasing it all throughout this experience. The tracks flow together seamlessly so I would advise against shuffling or skipping around. Overall, the album is energetic & though the album as a whole is more in the experimental side, I think each song has enough of that Pop (or R&B) Beyoncé that we all fell in love with to make the songs lovable. The fashion & boldness of the “IASF” era, the love & sensuality of “DIL” era, the aggression & instrumentation of the “BDay” era, the production & imperfection of the “BEYONCÉ” era, the vocal showcase of the “4” era, and the genre experimentation/blending & risk of the “Lemonade” era. A Renaissance indeed. Beyoncé is not only attempting to rebirth joy, but different aspects of herself in such a fresh way Favorite tracks:Cuff It Alien Superstar HeatedAmerica Has A ProblemChurch GirlPlastic Off The SofaVirgo’s Groove Break My Soul
Inovador, conceitual enfim Beyoncé faz tudo................................
Phenomenal! It’s not like anything we’ve heard in the last decade of music, absolutely mind-blowing.
just excellent. 10/10. every single track is a hit. its actually kind of crazy
Something totally new - totally different. Arguably her best album to date.
Literally her most spectacular body of work to date, and the fact that it’s dedicated to her late “Guncle” makes it even more special. There are zero skips and each song flows into the next so precise and cohesive, not orchestrated this successfully since Prince’s 1988 album “Lovesexy”. The fact that there are two more parts to this body of work is overwhelming, but very much welcomed and highly anticipated.
PERFEITO! Uma obra de arte que somente ela conseguiria fazer! Bey sempre consegue estar a frente da indústria e se recriar conforme o passar dos tempos e foi exatamente isso que ela fez nesse álbum. Ele cumpriu tudo o que foi prometido e é um grande marco na carreira, um dos maiores
Perfect álbum. We needed this after these traumatic years of pandemic, Beyoncé is queen of souls.
Once again, an amazing album by Queen B! With her feelings, care, love and joy, the songs can transport us to another world, making we feel happy and strong.
Beyoncé always innovating and revolutionizing! She never delivered more of the same. The album is magnificent, with powerful vocals, enveloping and nostalgic beats, without hesitating to leave the comfort zone one more time.
This is one of the most refreshing, exciting, and cohesive albums of not only the last 5 years, but of Beyoncé’s discography. It is much needed, we all have been through so much these last few years and you leave this album feeling hopeful, and rejuvenated.It also seems to be an open love letter to her LGBTQIA fans and family, and to her pride as a black woman. When the album is over, I felt sad that there wasn’t more, yet I was still extremely satisfied. A beautiful body of work.
Artistry, vocals, transitions. Amazing album that and unlike anything I’ve ever heard before.
Evolução musical nítida, realmente ela se reinventa sempre , diferente de tudo que ela já fez , um verdadeiro renascimento !
Melhor álbum da década bey veio pra fazer história mas uma vez,com um álbum todo inspirado no tequino melody BEYONCE trouxe músicas dançantes e com melodias pra lá de provocantes.
Simplesmente incrivél como tudo que a Beyonce nota 10 cuff it perfeita, o album conversa entre si trazendo um sonoridade incrivel
Perfection!!! She always give her best. She’s The best around The world. Nobody else can compers. She’s The BOSS PORRA
Surprisily incredible. No skips. The vocals are beautiful ans the transitions genius.
Queen Beyoncé you sl@yyy the house down this album is a masterpiece a work of ART!! Thank you so much for this!! I love you deep
Awesome! Love the beats, I love the intros and passages between songs. Different, creative and charming!
the most monumental album I've ever heard in my entire life. a true sound experience. Bey came back with everything!!!!!!
It’s a masterpiece, album of the year, the best album EVER, BEYONCÉ YOU IS THE BEST AND YOU KNOW
"RENAISSANCE" is everything Beyoncé fans had hoped for, it's a cohesive album, with flawless transitions between tracks and extremely danceable and engaging beats. It's one of those albums you didn't know you needed until you heard it. It is, without a doubt, the best album released this year.
SENSATIONAL! Everything this woman does is amazing. Dancing songs, very good to hear at the club with friends.
Album of the year from queen BeyThere's nobody doing like her in the gameShe is the music industry
so amazing! the transitions are just perfect, the album is complete and surpasses anything ever made in the industry
Um dos melhores trabalhos da Beyoncé, como sempre ela entregou músicas perfeitas com uma qualidade acima da média. Não consigo parar de escutar. Amei!
Incrível, magnífico e avassalador! A mulher sabe oque está fazendo e faz muito bem! É pra dançar a noite toda no repeat.
On Beyoncé’s 7th Studio Album, she makes a perfectly produced, sung, and written album that achieves a score of a 10 by simply doing nothing wrong instead of making any grand statements.
Arguably her best work to date, Beyoncé is the 8th Wonder of the World on Renaissance.
Embrace the Inventiveness of Thee Queen of Music’s new sound & it REWARDS
Sonically the riskiest draw in her career, and it absolutely paid off. Bey is back!
bey is back, with an excellent album. she’s the queen, the greatest living artist. bown down ****
The possibilities of this album, all! You can make a Ball in your living room without change the playlist. UNIQUE!
Masterpiece! An album with mastery in Production. An album bringing back Ballroom, Bounce and House to the community. Beyoncé bragged her music ears in vocal production from vocal layering to contemporary song structure. This is Beyoncé, the Queen
Perfeito. Diferente de tudo que ela já lançou. Percebo que ela se divertiu bastante criando essa obra
Beyoncé’s ability to connect to listeners is unmatched. In addition to the references, influences and samples, the transitions from song to song are truly seamless. This album is simply feel good music. No negativity, and is extremely relatable. Pure sonic bliss.
Beyoncé is the biggest artist in the world, she’s the only artist in the world that has been serving everything for so many years!!! She’s the best!!!!!
Esse álbum é um divisor de águas para as novas gerações da música de todos os países
After a six-year break, Beyonce came back to step on the girls necks! Renaissance is truly a major growth from Lemonade and Everything is Love. Her most ambitious, adventurous, experimental and musically diverse album to date! This album is mainly for the gay fans, or the girls that can dance, if this isn't your niche or cup of tea, this album is clearly not for you. 10/10. The best songs on the album are 'Heated', 'America Has a Problem', 'Pure/Honey', and 'Summer Renaissance'. Absolutely worth the wait!
Wonderful and unique experience, I think that if someone is looking for a fun experience far from perfectionism, Renaissance is the right opportunity.
Beyoncé lo vuelve a hacer y se vuelve a confirmar que la única competencia de Beyoncé es únicamente Beyoncé. Renaissance traza su propio camino donde no busca igualar o seguir los pasos de sus predecesores, con ritmos de décadas pasadas y samples icónicos muy bien utilizados, sin duda alguna se destaca por su gran ritmo en la pista de baile.
Rock my body and feeling good alwaysThanks Beyonce for make this album. Love you
Dancefloor liberation. Beyoncé wants her fans to feel joy, celebrate life and have a good time. Beautiful vocals and amazing production throughout.
Wow, the BLENDING WAS **** FLAWLESS.Each song sounds Fresh.I just have to say…We must hive Beyoncé her 10’ssssssss
O ÁLBUM tá incrível, a sonoridade perfeita, Bey mais uma vez mostrando que é a maior
This album is perfection. A new type of Beyoncé. It is fresh it is free and liberating. It is a feel good album that inspires us all to be our true, free selves.
As an artist close to 30 years in the music industry, Beyoncé has done something most artist cannot do. She has made samples seem new and fresh. Cuff it, Cozy, Break My Soul, Virgo Groove, Pure/Honey & Summer Renaissance are top tracks for me.
One of her best albums. Feel good dance music! This is something that’s very much needed especially in these times.
Que mulher brilhante!!! Álbum impecável! Estou completamente viciada. Esse álbum me dá vontade de dançar, cantar, me apaixonar por mim mesma e por outro alguém, viver intensamente. Beyoncé é uma artista completa! Uma artista com uma mente criativa e linda. Uma verdadeira Alien superstar! Ouçam muito esse álbum!!!!!
Dance floor heavy. The songs transition do well. My favorites Cuff It, Church Girl, energy, Alien Superstar
Magnifique album. On voit la prise de risque et on ressent vraiment l’univers ou elle souhaite aller
This album is a breath of fresh air, much needed after 3 years of worldwide gloom. Renaissance breathes joy into your soul and put your mind at ease. It is the time of album that will make you smile involuntarily! Enjoy and thank you Beyoncé, you did again!
What an electrifying Album! The transitions from I’m that girl to Break my soul was gobsmacking.
An exciting re-invention of Beyoncé’s sound. An homage to the gay club scene and her uncle Johnny that succeeds enormously in each aspect it hopes to achieve. Some of the best production I have heard in a recent album. I suppose we all know where the ‘Album of the Year’ Grammy will go, and deservedly so.
Este álbum está dividido, e mesmo outras fã base vier fazer críticas, somente para cair na pontuação... sinto lhe dizer. Você não vai conseguir, ela está entre os melhores baby.
The first album I’ve ever heard with no skips. The queen came with the beats, vocals, runs. No crumbs left. LOVE
This album is perfect. From the production, fusion of house, Disco, Afrobeats etc. The seamless transitions from one track to the other. That’s AOTY right there
sem dúvida é um dos melhorws da carreira, não é atoa que é considerada a maior artista viva.
The best album 2022 ever!!! The Beyoncé is the alien superstar and only one
This album is very cohesive with its influence in dance and its powerful statements reminiscent of Maya Angelo mixed with a dash of hip hop and an “I’m that girl” attitude. It’s truly meant for the gays and the girls. Currently, my top 4 out of 7 album from Beyoncé.
It’s something new and fun and BEYONCÉ did so well with this ALBUM LITERALLY THERE IS NO SKIP . Its been 2 months and i can’t get off it. I’ve been listening to this masterpiece since day one , every day till now!!!!
Eu amei! Beyoncé nunca nos decepciona, sempre entregando tudo! Mal posso esperar pelos próximos atos.
A afirmação de que ela sempre se reinventa, trás tendências. RENAISSANCE é um álbum desimpedido, onde Beyoncé dá voz pra muitas comunidades "marginalizadas" pela sociedade.
Just what I needed: a fun, lighthearted album full of genre-bending club bangers. Will definitely spend many 3 a.ms dancing to this in my room
Perfect!!! Perfect!!! The only one!! Beyonce voce foi fenomenal nesse album!
Definitely one of the best albums I’ve heard in years, also one of her best projects to date.
Beyoncé is Queen! Com certeza com essas músicas esse álbum, é uma obra de arte! Obrigado Beyoncé!
Símbolo de liberdade e autoconfiança atualmente. Depois de 6 anos de espera Beyoncé volta e não decepciona.
BEYONCÉ ATE THIS ALBUM ALL THE WAY UP AND THE PRODUCTION WAS TOP TIER AND THE VOCALS WERE SO **** AMAZING
Reinvented the way music is going in the 20’s decade. Forever that girl. Personal standouts: alien superstar, cuff it, i’m that girl, virgos groove, summer renaissance, heated, break my soul, thique…. basically the whole album. Her best body of work to date.
Perfeito e surpreendente como tudo que ela se propõe a fazer. Realmente é a maior!!!
siguiendo esta fabulosa moda de combinar ritmos ochenteros con estilos actuales e incluso metiendo el afrobeat, con líricas profundas que van desde una vista feminista hasta una vista luchando por lo derechos de las personas negras, simplemente Beyoncé es una diosa.
Hitting with no obvious tracks, B stands us to dance through a full complete set among cultural resets of the most primerous references. It's just pure art.
These negative comments are just from megalomaniacs, racists and envious haters. They want to deny the reality: Renaissance is the materialization of the best art is capable of providing us. The songs were so profoundly produced that they have so much details and contents to be appreciated in such a short time. Every few track embodies many layers, genres, concepts and modalities of making music and, because of this, she is capable of play with it all not just in the whole album, but also even inside these tracks. Nobody can keep up or compete with that. It's not the fast-food music that these folks tend to listen to. Also, the transitions and the vocals are INSANE.
Renaissance is the best album Beyoncé
Renaissance is a masterpiece. From the production, to the soaring vocals; Beyoncé delivers (dare I say it) her best album yet.
Um dos melhores trabalhos da Beyonce.Revolucionário, impecável, lindo, coesão é o que define; um álbum extremamente estranho e diferente aos ouvidos no primeiro instante, mas quando se deixa levar pela vibe, acaba sendo algo único e especial. BEYONCÉ fazendo história novamente.
she mixes so many different genres. It’s amazing! the transitions, beats, the choice of samples! Exceptional job, QUEEN OF MUSIC!!!!!
Enérgico, vibrante, inovador e inspirador! Mais uma faceta da artista mais completa da atualidade!
just perfect amazing incredible ı love her ı love her style she is her fire
Renaissance is an almost perfect album, perhaps some other song seems out of everything or not 100% polished but enjoyable. A good return to Beyoncé to music. 9/10
Her best album too date hands down ! It’s different than anything she has ever done diving into new territories like never before , Best female album .
This albulm is so great! I can fell the dance soul in my body through these amazing songs. Beyonce, i will always love you!
It is definitely the best album of the year! I've waited for this for years and I can finally say it's worth it. EVERY
This album for me just solidifies the fact that beyonce is a legendary artist. She continues to reinvent herself and shows us different facets of herself and she is in the point of her career that she can transform into a chicken and it would still be fabulous and still crush these pop chicks to dust. I think the blending of multiple genres are just seamless and well thought out. It would be so boring if she came out with just the same sound as her past album. The album encapsulates 70's plus ball per se and the vocals are just magnificent plus the production is spectacular.
Yass the boombastic vocal of the one in only Queen B. Deserve to be on top for over 20 years in the business. A quenn thing.
Fearless, unapologetic, brave. One thing I have noticed about Beyoncé is she never repeats any of her past albums' sounds twice. RENAISSANCE shows us another aspect of Beyoncé that clearly shows her creative prowess and how intentional she is with her music, and her art. A quintessential album in a time to celebrate, or break free- 'releasing the anger, the vibe, the stress.'
It's an adventure ure journey. Might be her album yet!The amount of risk with this album and the finished product - no artist can pull this off the way Beyonce did.
beyonce came again and claimed her throne. a beautiful and cohesive album u cannot get tired of. incredibly produced and written, as u listen to it u lose yourself at how god it is. THE ALBUM OF THE SUMMER AND THE YEAR! the greatest of all time
Best album I've heard this year. 25 years in the game and Beyoncé still manages to impress me every single time. Bravo!
This is by far Beyonce’s best album. The amount of great songs in the record is just unbelievable. Congrats Queen Bee!
16 tracks . I found 6 of them very nice but the others, no weren't good. I can say we expected better album from Beyonce.
The most cohesive and transportive body of work I’ve heard in a while. She’s done it again.
Just UNIQUE! A real Masterpiece!Congratulations to Queen B.This is legendary already.
Beyoncé did it again! Renaissance brings back disco music with an explosive queer-vibe, paying tribute to music that healed minorities for generations. Bow down!
Beyoncé showed why she is the greatest living artist, Renaissance proved to be another Queen B masterpiece, which shows she hasn't rusted since Lemonade
One of her best albums ever! I’m so happy and so proud of her. Renaissance is an album to make you dance and feel good. After the pandemic, Beyoncé is responsible for bringing joy from old times back. We were all so depressed. During this album, she will make you smile and feel like the baddest b!tch ever! Trust me. Give a chance to Renaissance and appreciate this masterpiece made by the greatest entertainer alive! The Queen is back, bow down.
Huge album. Huge tunes. Best album this year IMO. Summer Renaissance is the standout song but the album is to be digested as one
Incrível! Beyoncé conseguiu reinventar novamente sua música, ainda que carregada de referências ao passado.
Ela se supera. A cada lançamento parece impossível fazer melhor, mas ela sempre consegue. Esse álbum é pra dançar e curtir a vida. ♡
Inovador, vem para revolucionar a indústria musical. Acredito que vença o Grammy de álbum do ano
The way Beyoncé reinvents herself every single album and pays homage to those before her is amazing and admirable. On top of the music being good and timeless. Renaissance is a rebirth of the underground LGBTQIA+ icons and queens that have shaped the sounds of house music with sprinkles of trap and gospel that give the album another dimension. The transitions and ample samples, interpolations, and excerpts directly shine the light to the queer icons that inspired her. She says this album is dedicated to them and her late godmother Uncle Johnny who helped make gowns for her and helped raise her and her sister and exposed them to this kind of music. Johnny lost his life after battling AIDS early in Beyoncé & Solange’s life. May they rest in Heaven.
Resgarando o passado e deixando ele atual, Beyoncé oferece o melhor álbum do ano para os seus ouvidos
So refreshing. I love the fact that she’s just keeps re-inventing herself! I love the growth! Keep it up Bey!!
Bíblia do pop, Beyoncé inovou bastante nesse novo álbum. Diferente da lady gaga
Absolutely amazing! A stunning work of artistry. Such a fresh and colorful sound from someone who continues to rebirth herself every era. The title is totally fitting! This album makes me proud to be a fan of such a hardworking and non compromising woman. The harmonies are superb. The transitions between each song are earth shattering, sending you on a musical high, elevating you to a new place. The monotonous theme, every song makes sense. This is an ode done correctly! Truly a spectacular work of art!! I love this so much. I enjoyed it from beginning to end.
É o melhor álbum dela junto com o lemonade e o mais bem produzido, aqui ela botou a buceta na mesa e mostrou pq é a maioral. Não tem pra ninguém
What a great, flawless, unconventional, unique album!Incomparable!Gorgeous!Queen bey!
Simplesmente perfeito, pensou em cada detalhe e deu o melhor, se arrumou sem medo em uma roupagem nova e arrasou, como sempre
When she sang Flawless in 2013 she really meant it.Since then she was continuing to give masterpiece after another.
Esse é o álbum que eu precisava: diferente, inovador, dançante, inclusivo. Beyoncé mais uma vez nos mostrou seu alcançe: completamente fora das expectativas, mas dentro da excelência de Beyoncé.
O melhor da década, não tem igual.Se não for o álbum do ano é culpa do racismo.
Beyoncé mais uma vez prova o porquê de ser tão aclamada. É possível sentir em cada música o trabalho vocal, a produção musical e a engenharia de som, a ambição de resgatar o pop e fazer justiça ao dance!Merecia muito mais que 10.
Perfeito e indescritível, como uma fênix. Beyoncé se supera cada vez mais, cada vez mais alto.
Simply put, I can't get enough!! From the moment she released "Break My Soul" my life was taken over by the song, so I should have known the second RENAISSANCE was out, it would only magnify what I was already feeling. Every single song on this album is exceptional and takes you on a journey to new heights. Lemonade was once my favorite and I do believe this one has come along and knocked it out of the top spot for me. Brava, B!
I am speechless!!!The name says it all... Renaissance, Rebirth, fresh new music. Just what we needed as the BeehiveLOVE IT . ADORE IT !!!Thank you Bey
A **** masterpiece down I don’t understand how some of these critics gave anything below an 87. 80’s? Are you serious?
ÁLBUM DO ANO ALIEN SUPERSTARCUFF ITCOZYSUMMER RENAISSANCE BREAK MY SOULI'M THAT GIRL SÃO AS MAIORES
the best beyonce album so far, the transitions between the songs and the production are immaculate
Excellent dance/pop artist. You can tell she really took her time, studied the material and executed. Beautiful and seamless track transitions.
An incredible body of work by Beyonce. It perfectly reflects the mood of today, while also capturing the production and sound of house music. The transitions between songs are seamless and listening to it in its entirety feels like an actual experience. Time and effort was clearly put into this production and its paid off.
a perfect representation of dance/club music, she always manages to embodies the best of everything, this is a gift to lgbt culture and Black culture. the type of album you can dance and have fun to.
Beyoncé consegue “superar o insuperável” lemonade com um universalmente aclamado álbum que exalta a cultura do house music e suas raizes, que se mescla bem com a cultura do ballroom e do vogue. A cada dia que passa se consagra mais ainda como a maior artista viva.
Queen B never disappoints aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Perfection is so … mmmh. an integrated album during which we discover things as we listen. Does BEYONCE still have things to prove?
This album is amazing in every way. From the look to the sound and the responsible appropriation of the samples. For me, Beyoncé reached her peak and proved, once again, to be the biggest artist today.
An album that would make you want to get up and dance. The transitions are just flawless. The album is really good overall. no skips.
Just Wow
There is something to be said about the experimentation of this album. There isn't a track that doesn't have you not bopping your shoulders let alone full on out dancing.The absolute love letter spelled out among the whole album to the Queer community is something we've long waited for. The odes to commentating at the ball, the outright statements of Queens and Doms.Beyoncé has reinvented the way a masterpiece of art should be sent out into the world. The production, the harmonies, the grit and growl is something that is untouched and reserved for herself.She will continue to break barriers and top herself every single time in ways we didn't think she could.
Ten, Ten, Ten's Across the Board!!!Incredibly upbeat, fun, and lush. Beyonce continues to build on her previous works, but this time leaves the seriousness of it all behind for a super fun and incredible audio experience. The production is incredible, forever moving, never stagnant. Beyonce's vocal performance is stellar and one of a kind. So many classics!!!!!!
Increíble. Su mejor album. Realmente nadie lo puede hacer como ella. Es una artista impecable y un orgullo. talentosa, reina, etc. es un album hermoso y el mejor de su carrera.
Her best album yet! Freedom and expression on another level. Her impeccable vocals elevates this album to its own genre even tho it’s classified as a dance pop album. She makes it her own and again sets the bar for her would be peers! 10!
Beyonce very known to be one of the best artists of this last generation excel in a multitudes of fields. Once again after the release of her globally acclaimed album: Lemonade, she did not disappoint us with Renaissance which is a 10/10 for me, From beginning to end I let myself be carried in the adventure that Queen B offered us! The singing is always perfect, the control of its octaves, the high notes, the changes of voice, the lyrics, the instrus... Beyonce has really not left us hungry.A complete era, transitions from one song to another perfectly realized, the project that she has succeeded in carrying out in spite of her last complicated years.Beyonce is back... Be afraid !
the queen is back for the crown!The transitions on this album are insane. AOTY
Beautiful Album ! Her vocal, confident, music was on point. I love it, it makes me happy. Slay
Álbum perfeito, amei muito mesmo, a Beyoncé nunca erra, nasceu pra ser rainha e nunca vai perder sua majestade
O album da mamãe ta muito bom, vogue, ballroom, afrobeat, dancehall, anos 80-90, Beyoncé fez um álbum pra comunidade, amamos ver demais!
Amazing songs disco her best album Break my soul my fav Songs deserve 1 please guys make her 8 songs in Billboardh hot 100
Ballroom community representation is huge for this album, production is the best.
whats there to say? its queen bey. always high expectations for her and somehow, she's gone above the expectation. there is no one out there doing it like her. she has no peers for a reason.
The album is extremely tailored, impeccably produced, praising Beyoncé at her current level is going around in circles. An album to remind us that in difficult times we have to celebrate.
Renaissance is a work of art. Beyoncé has outdone herself once again! Album Of The Year
I love it. It full of cultural richness, and makes me want to release my wiggle.
Amazing piece of work. Extremely cohesive and every single song works perfectly with each other, bringing out emotions I didn’t know could be felt.
Uno de los mejores trabajos de Beyoncé en donde experimentó sonidos distintos a sus trabajos anteriores
Every album that she’s released has somehow managed to top the previous one. The only thing that’s different this time is I just can’t see how she or any other artist will top this. She is the peak of excellence and has continually raised that standard with every project to the point where she is the only person capable of reaching it.
What a refreshing and pleasant experience to listen to, although some tracks are kind of dull and repetitive, most of the album is something very new and impactful, I never thought that Beyoncé would be able to put a little experimental music on the tracks of this album, I'm completely obsessed and addicted to listening to Renaissance.
Perfect! Beyoncé is a legend and this album is a celebretion of life, especially after these dark times. Good job, Bey (again!).
La producción de los sonidos y las transiciones de un track a otro son simplemente perfectas. Sin duda alguna es el mejor trabajo de Beyoncé a la fecha.
This album embodies the LGBTQ community in a way that many sis gender straight artists have only dreamed of doing. This is a welcome movement and Renaissance to a dark period of time in the world.
Esse álbum muda todo o conceito que a Beyoncé estava traçando com os seus últimos, porém ainda com a vibe que a Beyoncé coloca sempre nas suas obras.
Beyoncé 7th album didn’t put up a excessive narration, instead she is chill, she is cozy. She really upgraded the image of ‘Beyoncé’ with renaissance of black music, her samplings as a base indubitably furnished the album.
Church girl, Cuff it, Plastic off the Sofa, Alien Superstar, Summer Renaissance are my Top 5 but honestly there are no skips! Such an amazing body of work 10/10
Simplesmente perfeito! Músicas muito bem escritas e interligadas, sem toda essa moda atual de fazer tuco caber e se adequar em um tiktok
omg! stunningamazing, masterpiece ♥️PERFECT I LOVE UUUUUU MOMMMMMMM
Beyonce continua se inovando e nos proporcionando álbuns que dão gosto de viver na mesma época que a lenda
Fantastic, powerful and expressive. Beyoncé's album has music that gives a new experience for us. And you're surprise, but is so different of everything her do.
perfect and surprising, a new garment for such an easily recognizable voice. it's beautiful you'll see new shapes that Bey can have
this album was a body of work. new creativity, being able to experience something new from her. just amazing.
The album was amazing. It was very unique and different from what we typically would expect from her. It is and amazing work of art .. it’s something you’ll have to go in with and open mind and be willing to listen to the uniqueness of the album
It’s different and I really like it so much. I needed this album in these difficult times that many of us are going through.
I love Beyonce's new album it is amazing. it is her best album so far and it deserve's Album OF THE YEAR.
Álbum of The Year
Perfect, brilliant, its the future of the music, the geatest, no one can do the sameeeeeee im sreamingg and i cant stop listening to tthissssss
Greatest album of all time. Best album of the year. Best album of the decade. Best album of the century. Best album of the millennium.
Most amazing album of the decade! Talk about welcome to a new era of music. The Queen is back and by popular demand.
Amazing that after a period of war, Beyoncé's rebirth comes as a lull for the rage. A complete work, an incomparable artist.
Renaissance não é apenas um álbum... É uma obra de arte! Cada música me leva ao alto e sinto uma energia incrível ouvindo esse hinário. Beyoncé nunca decepciona!
This album is a beautiful body of work. As a member of of the LGBTQIA+ family, I cannot express the amount of love and happiness I feel from this album. To be seen through musical art is an incredible feeling, thank you Beyoncé for always showing up and showing out. If you want to forget about your problems or need healing, I advise you get lost in the Renaissance album. I am grateful that I did, I have not been the same since Friday 07/29. I feel beautiful, confident and free. 1000/10 Great Job Bey!
Unique, perfect, amazing. Beyonce sings like an angel, with powerfully vocals, wonderful lyrics and production. Renaissance is art.
Jessica Rae Duarte Honestly I haven’t been a big Beyoncé fan since back when she was in destiny.. She is statistically an icon of pop (for sure) but I’ve always been more of a Rihanna STAN. However this album is really unique and layered with different house, 80’s, Gospel, slam poetry, and dance genres. I feel like this album was made with LGBTQ influences and of course her usual afrocentricity, I appreciate she didn’t scream and belt in this album it was more melodic and fresh. I actually hated the first single, at first it sounded too lyrically literal for me and repetitive. But I gave the album a second listen
Mesmo usando samples eu não tenho a sensação de estar escutando uma música igual a outras, o trabalho neste álbum foi muito bem feito, sem falar os vocais que estão em outro nível. UNIQUE!
Le meilleur album de Beyoncé. La technique vocale est impressionnante aussi bien en voix basse, de tête, qu'en médium qu'elle contrôle à merveille. Nous pouvons noter le grand travail sur chaque couplet, chaque mot, chaque tonalité, chaque intention vocale à un moment précis. Les instru sont simplement délicieux à écouter. Toutes les 16 pistes de cet album méritent d'être un single. Nous attendons la suite afin de continuer de danser, chanter, crier et pourquoi pas renaître ? ;)
Production! And “Album of the Year” contender! Beyoncé understood well the definition of “comeback”. Superb! She’s not only the Queen but also a THIQUE ALIEN SUPERSTAR!
Maravilhosa, serviu tanto, esse álbum é uma obra prima mamãe nunca decepciona
I Love Beyoncé. I Love Renaissance. thanks Beyoncé for everything. Brazil Loves you Queen Bee.
This by far is Beyoncé's best work. The transition transcend you to a new world. Her vocals stronger, there is nothing left to be desired. This album checks every box, it's simply put her own sound that plays homage to the very music that inspired the art. A masterpiece that doesn't seem to end!
AOTYSimplesmente perfeitoI'm that girl CozyAlien SuperstarCuff itVirgo's GrooveEnergyThiqueChurch GirlTodas perfeitas
Beyonce really gave us a solid 10/10 album with no skips. AGAIN. It's a house/dance album for the ages.
Beyoncé é sinônimo de sucesso. RENAISSANCE é a prova viva que King Bey é a única artista viva capaz de produzir arte que será lembrada por gerações. Uma artista que dá seu nome, cria sua marca, representa todo um movimento. Ela é a indústria. Ninguém acima dela. Já dizia Beyoncé, "don't even waste your time trying to compete with me / No one else in this world can think like me". Nos resta esperar os próximos atos desse projeto incrível. 10/10.
Literally one of the best, upbeat, dance albums I’ve heard in years! In this crazy world, Beyoncé has given us a much needed escape to a place of fun and freedom!
Beyoncé está provando mais uma vez que somente ela consegue se superar, não existe outro nome que possa ofusca-lá. Ela é realmente a maior de todos os tempos e será sempre lembrada por seu nível de excelência inigualável.
Once again Beyoncé proved that she can come back with a completely new style and new sounds by taking risks. She pushed away her limits AGAIN. She gave us VOCALS (honorable mention for Virgo’s Groove) and the production is top tier. Plus, the choice of the samples make the album even better. It’s refreshing, show-stopping and a whole trip in our mind. Congrats Queen Bey!
Simplesmente o álbum do ano! Valeu a pena esperar por tanto tempo! A dona BEYONCÉ deu o nome como sempre fez, e mais uma vez surpreendeu a todos! Ela sabe que é e sempre será a MAIOR!ÓTIMO álbum, músicas ótimas pra dançar e se divertir! Arrasou mami!
A consecration for the Queen, again if I might say . The girlies are pressed, and it's understanable , BEYONCÉ done switched it UP again , she is just THAT GIRL. She is bold, and confident in her musicianship to try and flaunt in new styles.
Renaissance by beyoncé is a masterpiece, with each track you are more amazed and impressed with her voice and genius, mix of musical styles forms a perfect set! Simply the GREATEST living artist!
It’s just INCREDIBLE!!! It’s art, I’m in love with this album! She’s the best singer EVER!
A flawless victory, Beyoncé!This album from start to finish is an extraordinary experience of a modern take on 90’s house music. With strong ballroom and Vogue influences. With the addition of TS Madison, DJ Honey, Kevin JZ Prodigy it’s a celebration and homage to the black LGBT+ community. Thank you Beyoncé! I am proud and honor. This is an excellent cohesive body of work. The songs just melt into each other. Powerful and passionate and sultry and airy vocals Pierce through your ears. This is hands-down Beyoncé‘s best album. Persevere Beyoncé and continue to soar. Bring on Act 2 and 3.
Sonoridade e vozes provocam uma vibração contagiante que transcende as melhores sensações e percepções físicas. Impactante, inovador e acolhedor aos ouvidos.
Wow! This album is on another GENIUS level! Pure Masterpiece!Congrats Beyonce and Thank you for the sleepless nights that you had… just to make us happy!⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
This is her best yet. I can't believe she actually topped Lemonade. She experimented and made her best album ever. It's dance, it's perfection, it's Beyonce's excellence!
This is the perfect album. I can’t stop listening
Merece nota máxima por essa perfeição que chamamos de álbum. Ainda estamos no início dessa era e não consumimos nem 1% dela. Queremos mais, Beyoncé.
Sem dúvidas o melhor álbum do ano. Beyoncé se superou novamente...Ela não é a maior artista viva por acaso! Queen!
best album of the year. Simply one of the best things ive ever heard. Besyonce is my queen only this.
life changing. idk how she will ever top this album, but i know for sure she will. we are so lucky to be alive at the same time as beyoncé to witness greatness, history, and talent at its best. there will never be another. she is the one, the only one, one of one. don't even waste your time trying to compete with her. no one else can think like her, she's twisted.
A thunderstruck sensation made of dreams and sexy power. The Lust. The Drive. The Gull.
Beyoncé once again reinvents her art and provides a welcoming place without losing quality. The album is a journey, like a time machine, you visit the past but fill it from a modern perspective. And I think that's the intention, during the trip, be who you are, be free and love every detail of it.
Really a triumph of production, emotional freedom, and chaotic cohesion. Such a blend of genres, arrangements, and masterful vocal delivery. Such care has been taken to produce something that feels improvisational but in reality, it's so precise and deliberate in its command to make you enjoy yourself.
Infectious, confident, free spirited album that seamlessly blends an homage of different sub-dance genres to create a reinvention of classic dance music. Her most ambitious and experimental album to date. 10/10
Best album of the year I can’t stop listening
This is what happens when you are so masterful in your craft. I love this album so much and its infectious, you can't stop playing it. The production...wow!
My favorite Beyoncé's album by far! Not only does it have quality production, it also did a wonderful job showing off her vocal abilities, which I've missed!
I love how Beyoncé keeps reinventing herself! With Renaissance, Beyoncé did a wonderful job exploring and showcasing different kinds of dance music, while staying true to her own style. The vocal production is as usual otherwordly. Each tracks are necessary, with a seamless transitions. One of her finest works!
Es un viaje.Es muy curioso como Beyoncé después de tantos años de carrera sigue sorprendiendo al mundo y brindando con cada proyecto una nueva visión de su potencial y una nueva cara de su persona. Las expectativas estaban altas pero las ha llegado a superar y eso se merece todo el respeto y admiración posible. Bravo Queen B
Album of the year by far. The transitions, the vocals, the cohesiveness. Beyoncé constantly reinvents her sound.. she’s amazing
The runs, the vocals and the vibes are juat immaculate. She ate with this one
Beyonce finally assembles her talents into a true pop album that will endure the test of time. With this effort, Beyonce has cemented her legacy, truly earning her destined status of "greatness"--which so many prematurely granted her for her prior achievements.
Next level. Bey is certainly back but still, I won’t be getting any sleep anytime soon.
Through Renaissance, Beyoncé reinvents herself again with a new sound - fresher and more rejuvenating than ever! An artist who is never afraid to take risks, Beyoncé really exceeds expectations with her 7th studio album, constantly raising the bar in whatever she does. 6 years of waiting since Lemonade was worth it, seeing the results that she has brought to the table. Renaissance will be remembered as her most innovative and ambitious project to date. However, seeing how she is always outdoing herself, it is without doubt that her next project will be much better and will defy expectations. Until then, Renaissance is here to stay, and to become a proof of what an artist can achieve when she is fully committed to her crafts.
1h02 of pure pleasure, without any stop, this album is pure perfection. I've been listening to it a hundred times since its release.
It is an album that made the entrails of my body vibrate. I've been following Beyoncé for a while now, she never ceases to amaze me.
The transitions of this album are MARVELOUS! this was a MASTERPIECE! this is truly some of beyonces best work HANDS DOWN
Beyoncé’s most cohesive album to date I haven’t stopped listening since it dropped. Renaissance is the best album of the year it brings, joy, happiness, and makes you want to dance non stop.
This album takes you on a journey of self-love and creates a space on the dance floor for you as the listener to let go of your worries and become the best version of yourself! It’s a true testament to Beyoncé’s evolution as an artist and versatility as a musician. She runs her world and allows others do thrive in their own way while doing so. 10/10
This album is so cohesive! I love how Beyoncé is so Frank about her sexuality and boldly claiming her position as “That Girl”. I have a favorite track daily, and highly recommend this album on a sunny day drive. Or put it on and “ pull relief in” & dance for an entire hour! Anyone releasing after Renaissance will have a hard time topping the warranted hype, and awe inspiring production! 10’s ACROSS THE BOARD!
A remarkable body of work for any artist but for Beyoncé to be able to blend so many of her influences into this gorgeous album after 25+ years in the business isn't anything short of amazing. I haven't been able to stop repeating this album since it's release! The details continue to reveal themselves on each subsequent listen. She deserves a great deal of credit for stretching herself when she could absolutely phone it in like so many others seem to do. Looking forward to what she does in this phase of her now towering career
A phenomenal record. From the transitions, to the celebration of queer black culture, this album never seems to have any real weak spots besides one song being a little too short (“Energy”). Like I said before, the transitions make this album. Some examples would be: “Cozy”-“Alien Superstar”, “Cuff It”-“Energy”-“Break My Soul”. Every song is at least great on its own and together they turn into this beautiful peace of music.
This album is a masterpiece. i've been listening to it since its release :)
Um álbum para marcar uma geracão!Musicas atemporais, que poderão ser ouvidas daqui a 5, 10 anos e ainda farão o mesmo efeito!
This album is amazing.Beyoncé did not disappoint me again!!! I love the songwriting,vocals the vibe everything was really good!! I can’t choose which song is my favorite off the album! I think it will win Album Of The Year at Grammys2023,It’ll race with 30 by Adele.
She yet again re invents herself and does it FLAWLESSLY. Beyoncé has mastered her craft and voice, and this is evident in her 7th studio album
Melhor álbum de todos os tempos de nossa senhora Beyoncé, álbum incrível 100%
This is just everything. Experimental yet refined. Nostalgic but cutting edge. Pure genius.
It won't be so positive review, even if it's 8/10, because it's only 8/10. It should be 10/10. B got us used to perfection. But it's not perfection.After capitalizing black feminism on self-titled album and cheating trauma on "Lemonade", she goes to the queer culture with no excuses and musically it's not as good as it should be. Tracks are okay, but after six years we are receiving still the same deep vibes."Virgo's Groove" reminds me the music from GTA: Vice City radio. "Pure/Honey" should be served as a liquid, not as music, because it's too tasty. "Cuff It" is better in a non-explicit version. "Energy" is too short. "Break My Soul" is appropriation of queer space, but music is more important at this point and musically it's excellent (if you skip the non-excellent chorus). "All Up In Your Mind" is pretty strong, "America Has A Problem" is pretty fast, "Summer Renaissance" is a good ending and "Alien Superstar" is the best confirmation that B is still Queen B.Other tracks are very good, but not as good to mention. It means that they aren't as good as they should be. Sorry not sorry.8/10 because it's the same good B, as perfect as she ever has been since 2013.
Beyoncé out here making Experiences, not just albums. the other girls (drake) can't compete.
One of the best albums the Queen Bee has put out in this energy-less year. Filled with genuine enthusiasm and dedication to the art of dance music.
Albüm şu ana kadar dinlediğim en iyi albüm. Şarkı arası geçişler, sözler, ritim her şeyin en iyisini hak ediyor. Tabii ki Queen B yine farkını ortaya koydu, bizi hayal kırıklığına uğratmadı ve Rönesans'ı bize tekrar yaşattı. Teşekkürler Beyoncé.
Beyoncé’s most revolutionary piece of work. A strong, dynamic, and unique album.
The creativity is Amazing!!!! I hear something new every time I listen. You can listen to track 1, all the way to the end. That’s how Amazing this album is!
My favorite of the whole beyonce discography, no skips at all!! Very upbeat and ballroom realness! FEEL GOOD MUSIC
This must be called : the music industry's master classThe vocals: 10/10The musicality:10/10The transitions: 10/10The interpolation and sound credits: 10/10
Perfection. Culturally nuanced. Quality Music. Full of substance. Life changing. Bigger than music. EVERYTHING.
Awesome dance album! Definitely puts you in a good mood. Very different than previous Beyonce albums
This album is a masterpiece. It’s a great mix of house with stories and colloquial terms for months to come. So excited to continue to appreciate the different sounds and genres. Let’s party.
Magnificent album, a piece of art. Musically better than Lemonade, storytelling-wise it is not so strong however.
What an amazing production and creativity ! She had fun in this album and ver voice surfed proudly through it !! Her best project ever in my opinion
This album is a work of art And Beyoncé proud once again that she can renew herself
A huge Celebration when it is most definetly needed.Combination of the great Vocals, happy and uplifting Attitude that compels you to enjoy and be lighthearted in those stressful days. just Teased some visuals which also look glorious.No one else does it in her standard. the Best.
Experimentally one of the best albums to date by the artist. Truly showcases her ability to stay current and solidify her QUEEN BEY title!
A cohesive album that immerses every trace of your soul into a paradise, where everything is perfect. It takes you to the dance floor and doesn't make you tired of listening and dancing.
obrigado nossa querida icônica Beyoncé por fazer álbuns completamente impecáveis que serve simplesmente para todas as ocasiões, esse álbum tem me feito dançar ate mesmo quando apenas penso em qualquer batida de sua música, mal posso esperar pelos demais atos.
perfeito do início ao fim um álbum completo impossível de ouvir sem pular uma música ou no modo aleatório
impecável impecável impecável impecável impecável impecável impecável impecável impecável impecável
Uma das poucas certezas na vida é de que a Beyoncé sabe o que faz. Um erro desse álbum? É que ele acaba, porém só colocar pra tocar novamente e ser imensamente feliz.
Beyoncé delivered a complete disco/house music experience, increasingly showing her evolution as an artist. The album is a true masterpiece !
So glad Beyoncé is finally BACK. This album is by far one the best piece of work in her career and the most experimental, even more than her self titled album and Lemonade. She’s at a point in her career that she doesn’t need to prove anyone anything yet she’s still evolving and experimenting different sounds. This is not just a singer or a badass performer. She’s mastering and perfecting her craft.
Probably her best album, let’s see with time. I’m glad that in 2022 she’s still making albums to listen as a whole and not just two singles and some horrible fillers.
queeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen I love this album so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Álbum of the year, amazing!!!! Beyonce did it again, she always do her best to give us a masterpiece.
hmmmmmmmm I mean... It´s not bad but all the songs are pretty the same with good transitions but hate not to difference the songs. Tho I love the production It´s like I´m hearing one song all the timee....
So good music, so good transitions, a celebration of the black culture and the house genre. Thanks Beyoncé you do it again
Beyoncé, a maior do mundo. Amo ela e esse álbum tá incrível. A maior perfomer do mundo
Good production, unfortunately it is not for me, maybe in the future
As pessoas que não gostaram desse album pq esperavam um lemonade 2.0, por favor, descansa. O álbum é simplesmente perfeito, dançante, me divirto muito ouvindo o álbum inteiro como se fosse uma única música devido as transições perfeitas. Minhas músicas favoritas são: todas. Beyoncé, te amo.
The Queen has done it again. She never ceases to amaze me and outdo herself. She has grown out of the box and thrown it away. She has taken what was a precious culture to an endangered and marginalized group and spread it all over the world so we can all celebrate the love and light that is ballroom culture. She is putting on for the girls and the gays that were not able to see today. The ones that did not make it through the AIDS epidemic, the ones who were thrown out of there family homes and onto the street but could not make it past that first winter. If you’ve seen Pose this album feels like a salute to every character on the show and a big I love you and Thank you for sharing their love and light with us all to enjoy.
a maior das maiores, inigualável como a mamãe nunca decepciona mesmo indo a lugares que nunca foi! obrigado Beyoncé por existir!
Are we really surprised about the high ratings? Queen Bey never fails! Once again we have been gifted by an outstanding album. Every track is something new and exciting. It never fails to grasp my attention and dance like there’s no tomorrow!!
The Queen casually showing off her house chops,you got to love B here slaying effortlessly .
This album just save my summer. One of her best (maybe her best?) album. She justs give the light to black queer singers who impacted the music industry but was snubbed or just forgotten. Thank you Beyoncé for that.For the lyrics : they are soo beautiful, catchy but also serious, the differents sounds of this album sent you to heaven, THANK YOU BEYONCÉ !
Greatest of all time! An outstanding use of artistry that let Beyoncé's creativity out. Her voice is everything!
An electric album. Full of fun transitions and escapism. Unique lyrics and instrumentation that’s SURE to get you moving
This album is her most cohesive, fun, vocally dynamic body of work to date. She homage to black queer artists who’ve created genres that have been appropriate and dominated by white artists and did impeccably. This is a dissertation on on black queer influence a the music industry and is a testament to Beyoncé being a student of music. Bravo Queen Bey!
Renaissance is Beyoncé’s most layered album this far. It represents the time we’re living in. The way Beyoncé mixes different genres and different times of music is out of this world.
This album is an excellent work of art, beautifully produced, beautiful vocals with amazing transition that will blow your mind, a fun album that will leave u bubbly and wanting more, a no skip album ! 10s 10s 10s across the boards. Beyoncé did that !
This album surprised me a lot. Beyoncé proves once again that she’s the queen of every genre. It’s probably her most complex and rich record of all her discography. After 25 years of career, she still has ressources to explore new horizons and that’s admirable.
The album has different sounds and the artist has done something new in his career which made it possible for any artist to go and axpand their crrativity
I honestly didn’t know how this type of album would sound like from Beyoncé but as always she surprised me. It was immediately great and with each listen I hear some new Adlib or interesting sound.
why isnt metacritic allowing me to write a review jesuuus but this is the best album of all the time
A masterpiece. She went out of her comfort zone to deliver this cohesive album. I love it so much
This album is brilliant! Every song gets better, the transitions are seamless and it’s an overall great body of work. It’s freeing, empowering and enjoyable. You can tell Beyoncé took time out to research the foundation of house music before embarking on this journey. Not many people do it like her, actually no one does it like her
This album is phenomenal in all aspects of music. Beyoncé knows how to make an album especially one that has sounds that a lot of listeners haven’t heard before. She knows music in and out. 10/10 perfect to my ears this album is for all party goers no matter what. Whoever listens to this album is guaranteed to make you want to get up and dance no matter who you are male or female no matter of your sexual orientation. Talent is talent great music is great music give credit where it’s due and it’s definitely due here. Beginning to end of the album you’ll definitely love it or love most of it.
Loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee the album! Absolutely would recommend. 10/10 her best work till date . Been on repeat since July 29
A perfect album, it lifts your soul, gets you in the mood to dance and be happy
Renaissance is a love letter to her fans especially the black queer community and it’s so beautiful curated from the first song “I’m that girl” which is an audacious song about self love laced with braggadocio down to the larger-than-life dance anthem “Summer Renaissance”. The transitions from throughout the entire album were so seamless. The Queen of cohesive albums has done it again ushering us into a new era of refined sound and hedonistic liberation.
The best album I have ever heard! The vocals were outstanding. The transitions were out of the world and the production is masterpiece genius! Thank you Beyoncé for Renaissance.
Masterpiece Genius! Beyoncé does not miss. How does she continue to get better 25 yrs into her career? Her growth is unprecedented. Give her all the awards
An amazing album, well thought out, beautiful work of body !!!!! Mind blown !!!!
Very unusual album from Beyonce. Although not a masterpiece like Lemonade was, I like how it is pretty unusual and in some cases strange. The best thing about this album is how the songs are "mixed" and transit immediatelly from one to next one; like Madonna's Confessions on a Dance Floor. Ny favourites: I'm That Girl, Alien Superstar and America Has A Problem.
Perfect album, perfect transition! Love it soo much. Wonderful job Beyoncé
The best album from Beyoncé by far! And one of the best albums I’ve ever heard. Well produced and her vocal layering is top notch. I can’t playing this album from top to bottom!
It's pop perfection a record which was made to be listened to in one sitting. No skips, no weak links ,seemless transitions
(Late Review) So, Queen B is back! This album is one of the best this year for me. From IM THAT GIRL to SUMMER RENAISSANCE, I enjoyed it so much. I will probably stream it all year! PS: I saw some really low reviews from demi stans for demi's new album to go #1 here, just focus on streaming. - a lana stan & a beyhive.
one of her best albums so far, so incredible. beyonce ages like fine wine, she’s a music genius.
The production of the songs is amazing and the vocals are superb. First listen I was intrigued but by the third listen I was hooked.
Best album with no skips. Queen B you have done it again. All the vocals and sounds are incredible and UNIQUE.
This album is one of the greatest body of work ever made. I have not heard a more sonically perfect album or one with with more seamless transitions between tracks.
Best album ever!! Deserves AOTY… just like all her others albums tbh. It’s so fun I can’t spend a day without listening to it
Easily one of the most fun music listening experiences I've had in a long time, it's so great to music from her again at her finest
Fare una recensione da 10 di questo album solo perché è Beyoncé non lo trovo giusto. Non prendiamoci in giro. Ha fatto di meglio. Sicuramente gli ascolti aiutano l’album e la produzione è molto buona. Ma sentirsi un album del genere di fila è davvero difficile. Ritmo martellante e sempre uguale a se stesso. Alcune canzoni più carine, altre decisamente meno. Sicuramente non all’altezza di ‘Beyoncé’ e ‘Lemonade’. Mi aspetto decisamente di meglio nelle nuove parti di ‘Renaissance’.
Just to one of the songs "10, 10, 10s across the board". The best album I've heard in a long time.
I love how Beyoncé isn't afraid to experiment with new sounds. This album might not be everyone's cup of tea, but I think it's a precious work of art. A feel-good dance album that lifts your spirits is what we needed right now. Love the transitions from each song to the other and the album definitely has replay value. Even if you don't like it now, I know a lot of people will revisit it in the future and appreciate it like I did. 12/10 for me
Beyoncé always seeks to reinvent herself with every drop and this is no different. Thank you for constantly breaking the mold and giving black women the audacity to dare to be more. Love you deep ❤️
Beyoncé com esse álbum prova que é a artista que mais se reinventa atualmente, não só na música, mas em tudo que entrega. AOTY
The best album I've heard in a long time to be honest. Beyonce really outdid herself again. highly recommendable.
Sicuramente album dell’anno, un album che pur essendo lungo più di un’ora non risulta pesante. Complimenti alla queen del pop, che anche questa volta ha fatto centro!
Album of the year by miles. A wonderful and radical celebration of music that sees Beyoncé explore new parameters of musical feast.
Listening songs in order is a whole experience. Transitions are amazing. Literally no skips. Masterpiece.
This album gave me my entire life back!!!! This is a must buy!!! Best Beyoncé album to date!!!
It's a new sound for Beyoncé and the album is everything. From House to dance, a nod to gospel, pop, Afro beat and more, this body of work is a cohesive art that is sure to get you moving
10, 10, 10 across the board. She gave us vocals, harmonies, elite production, breathtaking transitions. Her best album to date!
Beyoncés most cohesive, experimental work to date, she is out of this world
I’ve tried to listen to different music and I simply can’t because I come back to this album by Beyoncé. It’s incredible! her best work yet! The transitions are insane and flawless. For example one that I feel doesn’t get talked enough is the transition from Plastic off the sofa into Virgos Groove. ITS INSANELY GOOD!!! The Donna Summer sample on Summer Renaissance was the best way to end this album what better way than to sample the Queen of Disco! I can go on about this album and how Beyoncé doesn’t just give us music she creates culture resets and it’s crazy because you think an artist this far into their career would be slowing down but NO NO like Beyoncé really refuse to let up and I’m here for that!
I had never really given a d**n about the Bluetooth and Apple CarPlay features in my car until Beyoncé dropped this album. It has always been my go-to album while I’m driving ever since.
She did what the gworls should’ve did! A cohesive body of work that will forever stand the test of time. She has solidified her already incomparable LEGENDARY status and discography.
This might be Beyoncés best album!!!! I appreciate her risk taking and it paid off!
This is undoubtedly Beyoncé's best album. I have not turned it off once since it came out on July 29.
Excelente álbum. La forma en que Beyoncé fusiona nuevos sonidos, armonías, a la vez que los interpola con samples de grandes clásicos de la música negra house/electrónica de los 80s y 90s es única. Definitivamente Álbum del Año ❤️
She is the best performer of all time and she always serves with her albums. All her albums sound different and ground-breaking. Renaissance has great house/disco/dance/pop songs with some sprinkle of R&B, which Beyoncé has never abondoned. 10/10!
She’s a true alien superstar. She reinvented herself with this record. It sounds so differentfrom her previous work, and it shows how creative and artistic she is. She's in the business for more than 20 years and she hit a lot of peaks already, but this will be the defining moment for her career.
Listen up haters,this album is without a doubt fantastic; if you don't enjoy it, move on because you weren't supposed to. I can't wait for Act II, Beyoncé. This album is fantastic.
Excellently curated body of work. Addictive after a couple of listens. Absolutely amazing.
Honestly this is the first Beyonce album I listened to from start to finish without any skip. Queen of music literally. The club's are gonna eat every track upppp.
Her best album. Hits upon hits the transitions are insane. It’s impressive that Beyoncé is able to create her best album after being in this industry for so many years. Wow.
Album of the year loved it from start to finish Beyoncé is a real queen
You can’t get no better than this NO. Her best album to date, it’s objectively good whoever disagree is just hating.
The best album of 2022, the connections between the songs is indescribable.
This is such a feel good album.TEN TENS across the board!!Unlike most artists, one thing Beyoncé will do is give you something different
From the first time I hit that play button I was intrigued and captured by the beauty, talent and craftsmanship by the Queen herself. A no skip album like her predecessors Lemonade and Beyonce. Beyonce the gift that you are.
This is The best álbum of The year. Beyoncé is so monumental, is so magnific
Great album , i love how beyonce upstage herself in every era..this album is for the culture and it is uplifting sounds ti listen to.
Queen Bey is Back!...Feel the BEAT of the 80's and 90's in the 2020's. The Queen starts us of with I'm that Girl (reclaiming her power) and ends with Summer Renaissance (celebrating happiness and love)...Every single track on the album blends well with each other and you even lose track that you have played a new track. This Album is a celebration of Love, Blackness, and the recognition of Black Queerness! Thank You Queen Bey!!!!
Vocally and production wise her best album ever. She tops herself with each new release.
I have never in myvlife heard an album so cohesive, everything is just perfect, the lyrics, the vocal production, the production overall, is just perfect, RENAISSANCE has some of Beyoncé's best vocals! This album is perfect, go check it out!
This album is incredible, with many boos that have so much repalyability which only adds to how good this album is. It celebrates dance music and it’s culture very well, with the samples being great. No skips either, apart from I’m That Girl and Move. Apart from them, perfect! :)
Anyone who hates this album is a racist and hates women. I see a whole bunch of trump supporters leaving bad reviews on purpose knowing damn well they didn’t listen to it. This is one of best work and it has no skips. I can’t stop listening to it
One of Beyoncé most cohesive albums to date! Beyoncé has proven to be one of the best artist in our lifetime. The hard work and dedication she puts in her work is phenomenal! The album seamlessly plays as one song at the beginning. A tribute to the black LGBTQ+ community! Overall a great body of work.
So far the best of her work and she's paying tribute to all dance queens and seniors. Thanks a lot Beyoncé for Sampling oldies and make them alive again.
Each song sounds like a breath of fresh air. It transports you to a different space.
A MAIOR DE TODA A INDÚSTRIA DA MÚSICA, linda perfeita e maravilhosa, esse álbum é incrível e muito bem feito.
Best album out today
This album is one of the only few albums with un-skippable songs from I'm that girl all the way to Summer Renaissance, it is elegant, classy, refreshing and DIFFERENT. Beyoncé has always produced fine art and always takes pride in all her work but the way she experimented with different sounds and genres, pop, rnb and dance electronic emphasizes this fact. Truly a Summer and disco anthem.
Un album magnifiquement construit. Les rythmes les voix les sample sont très recherchés et ne donnent qu'une envie c'est de se sentir libre. L'un des meilleurs albums que j'ai écouté de ma vie.
This album is perfect. Her vocals are amazing and this is such a cohesive album. When you’re listening to this album all you want is dance. No skips. You have to listen to all the songs. Thank you Beyoncé for this masterpiece !
Queen Beyonce never disappoints us ! This album is truly amazing and it’s amazing to see her reinvent herself again and again
Beatiful album, Beyoncé is amazing e such good artist, i realy love her so much
An amazing album from start to finish. The transitions from each song works so seamlessly. Beyoncé gave us an album we needed to dance, have fun and “release the wiggle” while still delivering vocals on songs such as “Virgo’s Groove”.
Masterpiece… this is the bible part two… bey, you had done it again, girl!!!!
The most uplifting album to come out in years. It makes you want to dance and release your wiggle! Queen Bey stays ahead of the curve as always!
Beyoncé’s best album to date and definitely the Album of the Year! “BREAK MY SOUL” was such a great first single and teaser as to what to expect from this album. Can’t wait for the visuals!!
Amazing , it’s literally the best album of the year . Thank you Beyoncé for always give real body of work can’t wait for the visuals
One of the greatest, if not the greatest dance albums of all time. Bey proves once again here that she can go wherever she pleases and do it better than anyone else.
Her best work of art - songs comprised of house, disco, r&b, and more. She continues outdoing herself with her vocal, production, lyrics, sampling, and so forth. If this is what she has to offer for her first act, then I am excited to see what she has in store for the next two acts/albums.
Vi nada demais. Pra mim os críticos só babam por causa do jabá. Músicas sem letra, repetitivas.
One of her best albums vocally and a stellar array of hits that makes you wanna shake that ass and gain confidence in yourself to always follow your dreams.
Truly the alien superstar. I haven’t heard an album this cohesive in awhile.
TBH when I played the album the first time I skip through to hear how it sounds, then I actually listen to it track by track I only liked 3 songs by the end of the fist week I gave the album a real listen and TBH Beyoncé is an amazing woman the lyrics the beats. This mad me rate this album my second favorite album from Beyoncé now I can say it my favorite RENAISSANCE is the best album Queen B has ever made in my opinion I love every single track it’s truly a work of art.May the Lord continue to bless this woman and her family Mother of da House. La la la la 10/10
A maior de todos os tempos. Provando mais uma vez porque sempre será a maior artista viva da música.
The transitions between reach song is sickening. I’m not a Beyoncé fan but if she doesn’t win AOTY for this then the Grammys is officially useless
Beyoncé entenda que você sempre será a maior de todas, ninguém faz como você minha velha
Renaissance marks a new milestone set by the Beyoncé. Standouts : Virgos Groove, Cuff It, Summer RenaissanceHonourable Mentions: Break my soul, Alien Superstar, Church Girl, America has a problem
A construção desse álbum é tão incrível, não dá pra escutar o álbum sem querer aproveitar a próxima faixa. A Beyoncé e sua equipe entregaram um trabalho excelente, coeso e bastante coerente! Ansioso pelos próximos atos.
Love it Bey❤️❤️us Beyhives need Visuals ASAP.
Amazing! Cohesive! Groovy! 90s! Ahdhsnanamwkshsihsjsuzansishwhwbxixnskeuh We Loved It
Album of the year, eu amei, tudo perfeito, a produção e a voz da Beyoncé é outro nível
Has replaced my favorite album, "4". The bar she sets is beyond compare. Thee standard, incomparable and feared. Will continue to be that ride or die hive member till the wheels fall off! And BEYond.
Álbum muito incomum de Beyoncé. Embora não seja uma obra-prima como a Lemonade, eu gosto de como é bastante incomum e, em alguns casos, estranha. A melhor coisa sobre este álbum é como as músicas são "misturadas" e transitam imediatamente de uma para a próxima; como Confessions on a Dance Floor de Madonna. Favoritos de Ny: Eu sou aquela garota, Alien Superstar e a América tem um problema.
RENAISSANCE de Beyoncé es lo que muchas y muchos llevábamos esperando años y ha cumplido, sin duda alguna, todas las expectativas. Con un claro mensaje y oda al autorreconocimiento y a la diversidad y a la celebración de la misma, la artista nos invita a bailar y disfrutar de la música disco y funk, entre otros muchos estilos, a través de 16 canciones que nos sumergen, por completo, en el ambiente ochentero y noventero de la cultura del ballroom.Se suele decir que para gustos, colores. Las opiniones siempre van a ser muy diversas. Sin embargo, lo que sí es indiscutible es que 'the queen is back, by popular demand'. Bienvenida, de nuevo, Queen B; te echábamos de menos
Absolutely Phenomenal album from start to finish. Completely thought out. And truly inspiring. Keep conquering Queen Bey.
Such an amazing body of work the Queen. She’s truly elevated herself again with a fresh sound. This album is like a dissertation of dance. Blending together so many authentic dance sounds from House, Techno, Hyper-Pop, HipHop, Funk, DISCO, Sissy Bounce, etc. The transitions are some of if not the Best musical transitions we’ve had amongst pop music ever. Bey is truly in her BAG with this. Rock on!
This Album is fabulous. The Queen is back and no one can stop her. She is back to make the whole world stop. Come On. get it!
Um dos melhores álbuns da História! Beyoncé você é é sempre será a maior artista viva!
THE BEST ALBUM OFF THE YEAR!!!!!!Beyoncé is THAT GIRL and always will be.No one does like her
Beyoncé soube se reinventar mais uma vez, um álbum com qualidade, transições ótimas e músicas que não te deixam parado, no futuro o Renaissance será lembrado como o ápice da música de 2022
Beyoncé pulls no punches on RENAISSANCE, delivering 62 minutes of sonic joy filled with unabashedly fun, self-assured and sexy lyrics. That the album is fantastic should come as no surprise — it is Beyoncé, after all — but even amid her discography, RENAISSANCE is her most impressive studio accomplishment to date, shifting from her usual R&B, soul and pop to a mix of house, electro dance, funk and disco. RENAISSANCE is an awe-inspiring reminder that Mrs. Knowles-Carter's only real competition is herself.
Excellent house album, Beyoncé explore new sounds and you can feel her music like never before. He show one more time her versatility and creativity in music. Excellent candidate to be nominated Album of the year.
Renaissance é um álbum perfeito e maravilhoso, digno da Beyoncé. A transição entre as músicas é perfeita. É um disco quase que completamente dançante. Todas as músicas são absolutamente incríveis e não possuem nenhum defeito! Beyoncé acertou na medida certa de tudo.
Um album tão gigante em qualidade e cultura! Beyoncé resgata referências da cultura negra LGBTQIA+ e mais, bem mais... ela vai além...
One week after its release, I can confirm that #RENAISSANCE is a skipless album — literally, because it is a 16-song continuous journey through classic disco and house. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
A monumental album that let you be free and express yourself into clubs, be able to be happy any time. You cannot skip any song on this album.
LOVING IT!!! This album explores many genre's that haven't been explored or talked about in a while.. every song makes you want to get up and dance no matter where you are or no matter who's watching.. from the flawless transitions to the affirmations that Beyoncé intended for you to say when you sing along!! From her sampling some of the legends of music, ( Donna Summer, Robin S, Teena Marie, and even a interpolation of Nasty Girl by Vanity 6) such a fun album.. I've played it so far a total of 403 times.. and I don't plan on stopping any time soon. Thank you to Beyoncé for letting us know that while the world may be in shambles it's still ok to let loose and dance!!
The best album of all time tbh she’s the queen for a reason and none of your favorites could ever do it like Beyoncé
hands down her best album. None of Beyoncé albums sound the same. I love that she gives her fans something completely different with each album she puts out
Beyonce's best album. She keeps on increasing her ability to show the world how an a complete artist she is.Undeniably a runner for Grammy's AOTY
This is a masterpiece. I want to go to a club and listening this album from track 1 to track 16 non stop. Beyoncé is the queen and she ever will be.
Amazing album. Her best body of work to date. There hasn't been a day where I haven't listened to it and I always discover something new with each listen
Such a good album!!! Can't stop listening to it. Literally been on repeat since it's release
ALBUM OF THE YEAR! This album is what we needed. 6 years of patiently waiting for new music from Beyoncé?? DEFINITELY WORTH IT!!!
Beautiful cohesive work. Worth the listen and wait. She's mixed so many elements of dance and somehow managed to make them all work.
Wow, wow WOOOOWWWWW!!! Beyonce does not disappoint at ALL! Her best album!! How is her only competition…herself?? My favourite album of all time!
Best in everything... Beyonce' is the Queen of music for a reason. Renaissance is indeed a body of work, proof of a perfectionist behind the strings of this masterpiece "Genius". An echo from the past into the future. This Album is "One of One", "Number One", "The only one", "UNIQUE".
Bey did a great job, I cannot stop listening to the Album, I've literally lost interest in other music
A beautiful body of work. This is art at its finest. The tracks feel like a warm hug after a long day.
incredible body of work - it's cohesive and fun. It's the kind of album that will make you dance. It's worth a listen
The queen fails at failing and she is in fact THAT GIRLLL. I’m glad she rewarded us with this masterpiece.
BEST ALBUM OF THE DECADE. All FACTS NO CAPS. Beyoncé you are a MONSTER FOR THIS, I’M OBSESSED WITH THIS ALBUM. Love you QUEEN B
This is a great music. Beyoncé is amazing. Her work ethic is divine. This is why she is a legend. She always tries to try something new in music and surprises us in a good way. I hope Beyoncé will always challenge herself in another genre of music. This is amazing. Release the visual music, Beyoncé. Please.
best 2022 album. can’t stop listening to it. she created a masterpiece that will be remembered forever
Queen
It has been a question how she would be able to top Lemonade. She didn't have to. That is why she created an entirely different and incomparable album of the same caliber. Beyoncé, the artist that you are. Truly the artist of our time.
I love everything about this album, best dance album of 2022. So happy that Beyoncé released this album
I don't usually do this but Beyoncé just gets it. She constantly reinvents herself, she constantly pushes herself outside of her comfort zone, and always delivers. BUT what helps is she has the talent and versatility to deliver any style of music which is where others fall short. I also appreciate that Bey is so inclusive. She goes out of her way to find contributors to help communicate whatever vision she is trying to execute as clearly as possible like TS Madison on Cozy or Honey Dijon on Alien Superstar. She didn't just make a dance music, Beyoncé studied the pioneers and even worked with some of greats that paved the way for her, (hello Nile Rodgers, hello Sheila E.) to bring Renaissance to life and she's done it flawlessly! Everyone can release descent music, but it takes a special talent to create an experience like Renaissance, and she's not even relying on visuals.
Beyoncé has the capacity of teaching us about music history while giving such a feel good songs. Amazing album!
I think this is the best Beyonce album in terms of music quality, instruments, beats, lyrics. Everythings is on fire. They feel ungenre-ish.
A completely new sound for Beyoncé but once again perfectly executed from start to finish! There is so much to this album! Turn it up, let yourself dance & enjoy!
Best album in the universe and best artist of all time Beyoncé is boss queen
Renaissance is everything I waited so long for and more. It’s clearly the Queen’s best work yet and the Best Album out Since her own “Lemonade”. The transitions are just heavenly!!!
my expectations are far beyond fulfilled. The production is fire, her vocals in all forms just woven in these sick beats and rhythms is just amazing. I think its pure energy. This is a fierce record!
Brilliant. She is an icon. The one and only person who continues to turn the world upside down. It’s an magical album that deserve its flowers.
Beyoncé is the GOAT! She always outdo herself. And I dont find anything wrong on how the way she experimented herself in this album. If you don't like this album, it clearly shows that you didnt understand what a real artist is. No one in the industry can serve like her. Cant wait for the visuals ❤ visuals!
Um dos melhores álbuns da Beyoncé e o melhor do ano com certeza a forma como ela se reinventa toda vez é incrível!!!
One of the most well done albums i’ve heard in my life. The structure of the songs is so perfect, the transitions and vocals and production is INSANE. Beyoncé knows how to upgrade herself artistically.
I Was wrong, Beyonce constantly surprised me, I thought she would never outdone Lemonade but she rebirth the heaven anthems. I cannot pick between Renaissance tracks, UNIQUE! word cannot describe how amazing her art, she is so monumental. Cannot wait for ACT II xo
Beyoncé truly did something with this newest release of hers. One of, if not the best album released this year. Can’t wait till she drops the entire visual.
Beyoncé pushes the boundaries of creativity…yet again. Queen Bey emerges herself into a world of music that makes you want to MOVE! This album showcases what happens when you combine great production, lyricism, and pristine vocals to fulfill an excellent body of work. From the beginning of the album, Beyoncé gets cocky on ‘IM THAT GIRL’ which makes a statement that expresses why she is the pinnacle. Don’t attribute anything else to her success, it’s all her! As the album progresses, we catapult into a new dimension on tracks like ‘ALIEN SUPERSTAR’ and transition throughout the rest of the album seamlessly when we land on tracks like ‘CUFF IT’, ‘ENERGY’, and ‘BREAK MY SOUL’. At no point does she entertain us with filler; every single song has intention and was created to sound like nothing you’ve ever heard before. This album wasn’t created as a ‘comeback’ album; it was created as a reminder! A reminder that Beyoncé produces quality work time and time again. Renaissance will surely replace one of your favorite Beyoncé releases in your personal ranking. Go ahead, press play, and don’t you dare skip a beat!
Album of the Year. No skips! The transitions are insane. I can’t wait for the next two albums.
Album perfeito. Completamente coeso, viciante. Com referências da música house, dance, afrobeat, rnb. Amo
Beyoncé at her best. She proves that not only is she THAT girl, but 20 years in her solo career she is the most versatile pop artist of our time.
o seu melhor álbum da cerreira!todas as músicas se conectam e as transições entres elas é de outro mundo.. absolutamente ispirador.
SLAYONCÉ ATE THE WHOLE ALBUM UP! First Lady of music did that! Queen B!!!!!!!!!
Definitely a masterpiece! Beyoncé is an amazing musician and everything she does is for a legacy, it shows in her art. Renaissance is genius.
The GREATEST album in the universe. Idc yall favs flop so bad , aint no one do the same as the Queen Bey.
one of the best albums i’ve ever heard. Beyoncé spotlighting Queer Black people is one of the best things she has ever done and i’m so proud of her for taking the risk and redefining herself every time. Bravo Beyoncé!
Beyoncé has done it again! It is evident in this body of work that Beyoncé thought outside of every box anyone has ever placed her in. From the “I’m that Girl” to “Summer Renaissance” is like being apart of an actual revival of culture & art. Each song takes you through the moments of fabulous night out on the town with the “gorls”! It’s very much giving c*nt*
Los sonidos muy bien hechos con una excelente mezcla de voces, uno de sus mejores trabajos en años
Es el album más cohesivo y coherente que he escuchado hasta la fecha. Es una verdadera aventura donde cada canción construye a la siguiente. En verdad excelente.
It's such a great album! Beyoncé really did that! She shookt the world, she shookt the dance floor. She's that girl
The album is for musical sonography which many people didn't know they needed, but they needed. It's far from everything we have nowadays, it was already boring and massive to see so many songs the same and all in order to hit. It's good to see that someone in the industry still cares about bringing new experiences and perspectives on music. Beyoncé is the industry, too bad the world has its eyes covered for false art.
Phenomenal album. Some of Beyoncé's best work. The transitions are amazing and the production is chaotic in the best way possible. Unlike anything you ever heard. Beyoncé continues to pave her own lane and show that she has no competition.
A fun, feel-good album. If you're looking to dance around your room, or dance around the house while cleaning up, this is the perfect album for that!
beyoncé is on another level and she beautifully demonstrates that yet again
You just can’t get enough of it! 16 song non-skip album! I would say it won’t get no better than this but knowing Beyoncé, This is just the beginning! “Ten, Ten, Ten across the board!”
I really enjoyed this album down to its depth. Beyonce created a masterpiece once more. Cuff it, Alien Superstar and heated are my favourites.
This album is why she’s Queen. In times like these you just want to dance and have fun and that’s exactly what she’s doing for me.
This album is so cohesive that it can’t be denied. Beyoncé really came back with a body of work that we all really needed after living through these past couple years. People need fun, motivation and an outlet to have fun. This album provides that sense of freedom that has been hard to find at times navigating this world. This is one of Beyoncé's best bodies of work and you should have it on repeat.
Ugh!!! What an ICONIQUE ALBUM!!!!! SHE IS QUEEN! SHE IS ICON! SHE IS MOTHER!!!
the best album this year if it doesn’t win album of the year at the grammy then that confirms they hate black and they don’t want to see us win✊
The album is such a beautiful love letter to the black queer community. Each songs transitions seemlessly into the next creating a nonstop dance party.
este é um álbum impecável.. todo detalhe muito bem pensado para emocionar os ouvintes e os vocais são impecáveis, a artista mais talentosa dos últimos anos provou mais uma vez que não sabe errar!
Melhor álbum da artista e talvez o melhor desse século. O single é incrivelmente um doce para o quem vem a ser o álbum
The best album out. Beyoncé have outdone herself in this album. Bringing all cultures together to dance and have fun.
Renaissance is honestly the best album i’ve heard in years now! I think Beyonce has out done her self yet again. This album is more than just a great album, or tribute to the queer culture but it’s a body of work for everyone to listen to. With dance tunes, slow songs, dance grooves and many more this album has redefined what a modern album show be like! I could write a 3,000 page book about the production alone, and the vocals are out of this world lol!! Beyoncé is the blueprint for popular culture & without bias i can say Beyonce is one of IF NOT the greatest artist of all time. I highly recommend this album to not just fans of Beyonce but everyone. Young, Old, Black, White, etc this album is a deep eccentric dance album for all!!
Increíble producción y por sobre todo la intención del álbum al reconocer y celebrar la cultura LGBT negra que de tantas formas se han aprovechado
É incrível a capacidade da Beyoncé de sair da zona de conforto e mesmo assim nunca perder a qualidade. Ela disse que esse era um álbum pra trazer alegria, celebrar, de divertir e eu não consigo não sentir essas sensações ao ouvir o renaissance. Ele simplesmente cumpre o que é prometido em todos os aspectos.
This is the best album especially for those people who needed to live their life to the fullest. This is my sweetest escape album of all time
Literally the best album of the year that is constantly on replay. The cohesiveness, the vocals, production and overall performance is just out of this world.
An absolute MASTERPIECE that will go down in history as one of the greatest albums of all time. No one else is doing it like her.
She continues to evolve with each album! Her most cohesive album to date, she never fails to get better with each project.
I love it because it expresses freedom. Being free and minding the beauty of this craft is mind blowing.
Amazing!!! What a great cohesive piece of art that blends seamlessly together. Great job B!
A great album gets you feeling different things while staying sonically cohesive and lyrically current. Renaissance is all these things and more . From the mid song Groove changes to iconic samples to the underrated vocal production and layering by beyonce herself, this album is a sonic masterpiece!
Absolutely FANTASTIC! Along with Lemonade, it is truly her best work of art so far. I cannot wait to see what she has in store for Act II and III!
A brilliant collection of dance hits of every genre blended together with seamless transitions. On the whole, an incredibly fun and engaging sonic experience.
This is one of beyoncés best albums , She sounds happy here and is experimenting with her sound. I love it , while trying something new you can also hear hints of the okd Bey …from the music to the previewed looks to the visuals!! Love this for her . Frok the tribute to queer culture and icons to actually including us in the production. Theres a song for everyone one this album …slow songs , love songs, groovy songs and most of all ballroom & dance music. She has simply outdone herself once again.Theres a reason she’s charting charts w no visuals even out yet, get ready for this new era and save your coins !!
Very unusual album from Beyonce. Although not a masterpiece like Lemonade was, I like how it is pretty unusual and in some cases strange. The best thing about this album is how the songs are "mixed" and transit immediatelly from one to next one; like Madonna's Confessions on a Dance Floor. Ny favourites: I'm That Girl, Alien Superstar and America Has A Proble
The Queen reinvents herself again. Referencing and reimagining decades of iconic dance, disco, house and rap music she has created a timeless masterpiece of work. Truly music for generations past, present and future.
Álbum perfeito, com transições perfeitas entre as músicas, músicas dançantes e com uma qualidade vocal que só Beyoncé pode produzir e proporcionar.
What a ride. Renaissance is one of the best albums of all time. It is Beyonce's best album to date there is no question about it. Not only is this the best effort in the pop genre, the seamless transitions track to track allow for practical playlists such as workouts and home cooking. You will find yourself repeating them over and over just to hear something you hadn't heard before. Beyonce is a genius in her prime, comfortably in her first Act 1/3. I hope to see the momentum rise for her next couple albums. My beekeeping sister slayed, she did. She sought out a very fun vibe for this album, and it worked. We are exhausted of hearing poppy breakup songs. BGM.
Beyoncé has set the bar even higher for her latest album "RENAISSANCE". This is something she has never done before, and even so, it is so beautiful and surely marks a highlight on her over 25 year-old career.
talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it in a blender, **** on it, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it
A beautifull album, Beyoncé keep getting better and better with time. She make songs like church girl,alien super star and plastic of the sofa work together perfectly.
the queen payin tribute to her roots creating a disco album that sounds nothing like dua, the weeknd or gaga. it’s more authentic and so well-produced.
The BEST album 2022/ this century❤️ 1-16, every track IS GOOOOOOOD.. Beyoncé really put her whole beyussy in this album, I can’t turn it off it’s that good
Very cohesive no skipping. Skipping feels like missing out. Transitions 10/10z. Love IT
The greatest album of all time. And I stand by it. The transitions, the influences, the surprises. Oh my God.
A great experience from beginning to end. The way it gives a club vibe at home is appreciated. Production is amazing. Church Girl is my fav
She’s done it again and Renaissance is a masterpiece! The transitions and how fresh her voice sounds is incredible. B has managed to stay relevant in this industry and constantly reinvent herself without losing what makes her, her is amazing!
Great album. She keeps breaking records and coming up with ideas that makes her stand out from the rest.
PURA PERFEIÇÃO, muito maravilhoso, incrível, belíssimo, a maior de todas!!!!
This album is mind blowing. It’s so unusual and unique. My fave songs are Heated, Alien Superstar and Cuff it. Overall the album is amazing. I just can’t get enough. Beyoncé never fails to amaze me.
It’s amazing.. it’s so different from any other album she had done and it’s impossible to stop listening to it! It gives you life! ❤️
Beyoncé has managed to outdo her entire 25 year discography with this addicting experimental otherworldly album.
Definitely one of my fav Beyoncé albums. It’s very addicting and a good feel good album.
It’s just so amazing, honestly think this is one of her best. Very excited as for what’s to come.
Her best work to date, daring, punchy yet complex. Interesting how the one time she decides not to dwell on perfection, she makes a perfect album.
ALBUM of THE YEAR !!! ALBUM of THE YEAR !!! ALBUM of THE YEAR !!! ALBUM of THE YEAR !!! ALBUM of THE YEAR !!! ALBUM of THE YEAR !!!
This album is the greatest piece of artwork in 2022, Beyoncé is the greatest artist of all time, she put in a whole lot of work for this album, is also a number one album, with the number one song break my soul
Staying true to how house music is done! This record is a tribute not only to Beyonce's gay uncle but also to the whole black / black gay culture. This record is a combination of House, Trap and Funk that will definitely make you dance!
She outdid herself, as always! Congrats Beyoncé for being one of the greatest to ever do it!
I think this is Beyonce's best album TO DATE. It's truly amazing how she continues to raise the bar, nobody has been able to do what she can do, and I'm so happy to be alive to see it all
Me encanta que Beyoncé mezcló ritmos africanos con música pop totalmente regenerada, se inspira en las música disco de los 80 y eso me parece estupendo.
I love the album its different puts me in a good mood and makes me want to dance and be free.
Beyoncè once again elevates her art & talent with her 7th album. I really enjoyed the quality of the music, her vocals and the arrangement of the songs. You can easily listen to the entire album in one sitting as the transitions smooth over quite pleasantly. I’m overjoyed, this album will give me anthems to my life for years to come! Current top favourites are Alien Superstar, Heated, Cuff It. Truly a renaissance album ❤️✨
Um dos trabalhos mais sólidos de Beyoncé, mostrando sua originalidade e essência, mesmo após anos de mercado, ela se resume a consistência de carreira
Love the Album, it’s a happy dance, feel good album with a mixture of romance.. her best album so far in my opinion.
Amazing consistency of production throughout the album. Such a perfect loveletter to the black lgbt community, and its contribution to culture through it ballroom. Brilliant homage to disco legends such as Donna Summer, Grace Jones etc. Beyoncé really outdid herself! The transitions between each track our seamless, I didn't even notice I went from. "Cuff It" to "Energy" until I checked myself!My personal favourite tracks are:America Has A ProblemPlastic Off The Sofa Heated
Disco excelente. Escuto da primeira até a última faixa sem pular nenhuma. Beyoncé sempre se superando. Não há outra artista no mesmo patamar. Ansioso pelos próximos dois atos.
Talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it on a blender, **** on it, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it
Album of the year! Beyoncé creates a modern soundscape that uses popular dance sounds of the past and present to define what the future of what music will sound like. The radical nature of this album is embedded in the non-stop nature of the grooves.
This album was such a breath a fresh air..in the era a fast food music..I am still listening to this album from start to finish with no skips, daily!! The vocals, production, transitions within and between songs ahhhh!! Can not wait for the visuals
Beyoncé outdid herself as always. She reinvented her sound & her style yet again. Even more than 25 years in her career, she remains THE name and the trailblazer. Applause, Beyoncé! Renaissance is an amazing album, and I think it will stand the test of time in the best way possible.
Incredible body of work.. An unusual body of work from Beyonce but both intellectual and nostalgic.Unlike anything on the radio. Fresh!
This is by far Beyoncé’s best album. What can’t Beyoncé sing or do with her amazing voice? Album Of The Year.
The best album of the decade !! I can't stop listening to it and it gets me so hype.
What an iconic piece of art... Bops from start to finish. I also love how she experimented with genres she has never done before... AMAZING!!
Um álbum maravilhoso, um obra de arte , beyonce e uma artista completa , ela é só ela sempre se supera em seus trabalhos
Just perfect, i have no words to describe how genius she is! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW
Beyoncé Renaissance Is Nothing Short Of BRILLIANT! FROM BEGINNING TO THE END! I ESPECIALLY love the shout out to the black ballroom community! I also love the transitions from one song to the other! I loved her, Donna Summer reference on Summer Renaissance! Took me back to when she did Naughty Girl on her debut album Dangerously In Love! She tributed Donna Summer then also! Thank You Beyoncé! This album was worth the wait! I'm happy the general public is loving the album! Even when haters tried to hurt the rollout! Album Is Amazing! I WISH I COULD GIVE IT HIGHER THAN A 10!!!!
It's so incredible how Beyoncé can reinvent her art to the best. This album is a celebration to the LGBTQIA+
Renaissance is her best album to date. It’s a really well constructed and beautiful body of work. Black and queer history. Amazing
Better than anything out right now. Debate your dead uncle! Beyoncé is back and she’s the Queen.
Beyoncé truly embodies what the word renaissance means. She explored her own freedom and therefore gave so many of us the space and the language to explore our own freedom. This is liberation music. Emotional, successful, exciting. A party and a balm.
Uplifting ! a movement the Bar . She’s elevated to another level of supreme .
Amazing Album. It deserves Album of the year. Virgo's Groove, Cozy, Alien Superstar and Honey are my favourite songs from album. Great vocal, great production. That's Beyonce. I really obsessed with this album.
One of Beyoncé’s best bodies of work. The transitions are crazy !!!! Virgos Groove a musical masterpiece
love this album. not a single skip. 10 10 10’s across the board. my personal favorites are all up in your mind, heated, pure/honey and summer renaissance.
Her best work so farExperimental but so accurate and relevant4 decades of clubbing exploredA true masterpiece Beyoncé must have worked SOOO hard for this projectShe still manage to give us high quality music, reinventing herself, pushing herself forward, setting the bar higher for everyone but also for herself.Amazing album.
An ode to black history, queer and underground ballroom culture. This album will make you move out of your way and dance!
This album is truly a master piece. The art piece forces you to not skip a track. I have listened to this album every day . The album of the year forsure
Album of the century, no words to describe this masterpiece. Beyoncé out did herself again. Queen of music...
I haven't been able to stop listening to this album since its release! Its so cohesive and jam packed with uptempo beats and incredible vocals that you can't help but dance. I also love that it was dedicated to her cousin, Uncle Johnny, who was such a big part of her and her sister's upbringing. So beautiful
She has done it again! Creating an album that plays cohesively through from beginning to end like a body of art. Her homage to her Uncle Johnny does not go unnoticed, highlighting music and culture introduced to her. Renaissance serves as an homage to those who helped create and include a whole generation and introduces a younger one. Her skilled interpolations of legendary hits brings a renaissance of mentioned artists’ work that shines a much deserved light upon. Bey’s 7th studio album brings dance and joy in a time of uncertainty, needed and wanted.
Después de escuchar este álbum durante 20 días en bucle y enamorándome más y más cada día que pasa, puedo por fin atreverme a escribir sobre las canciones, las letras y su mensaje, las transiciones, su producción, el concepto y todo lo que me hace sentir.Este álbum es muy distinto a todo lo que hemos escuchado de Beyoncé en los últimos años. Todo en él respira Bey, pero de una manera muy diferente, más fresca, libre y especial. Si en «4» experimentó, en «Self-titled» abrazó las imperfecciones y en «Lemonade» creó el álbum más conceptual, cuidado, con detalles y mensajes posible, «RENAISSANCE» es la progresión natural de todo ello con la Beyoncé más liberada de las presiones externas, dejando un poco atrás el control extremo de Lemonade, pero sin abandonar todo lo aprendido y hecho. Parece, da la sensación de ello, pero sabe dios que esta mujer es virgo y perfeccionista hasta la médula.Así pues, este álbum tiene un claro propósito: hacernos sentir bien, felices, libres; que bailemos y movamos el culo como si no hubiese un mañana; que no dejemos de movernos y de sentirnos vivas; que sintamos que estamos en una fiesta continua, a la que ella llama VIDA (esto último me ha quedado demasiado corny, i know). Por eso las canciones son mezclas excelentes de géneros como el house, disco, dance, afrobeats, funk, etc. Todo el álbum respira liberación y hace énfasis en ello con los sonidos, las letras y, en especial, los samples y todes les artistes LGBT+ que originan, inspiran y aparecen en cada rincón de este álbum: desde la figura de su «Uncle Johnny», pasando por las mujeres trans negras a las que homenajea, hasta todos los elementos de la cultura queer negra estadounidense que incorpora a su música (y, supongo, más adelante, a los visuales).Cada canción parece un microcosmos con producciones arriesgadas ligadas de manera excepcional unas con otras dentro de su propia estructura y que dejan sin aliento. Encima, como si eso no fuese suficiente, cada canción está conectada a la siguiente con transiciones que hacen que te arrepientas si estás reproduciendo el álbum en modo aleatorio (la transición de CUFF IT a ENERGY me da y quita la vida cada vez). Todas tienen unas mismas temáticas que se repiten a lo largo y ancho del proyecto y están entrelazadas unas con otras, aportando una cohesión conceptual brutal que luego remata con la de la producción. Sigo sin superar su mente cósmica —«never met a girl with a mind like this», so true, Beyoncé, so true—. Lo digo todos los días pero es que estas canciones son droga dura.Comentados todos estos aspectos técnicos de producción, transiciones, géneros, mensaje, letras, queerness, inspiración, conceptualización, etc. es momento de hablar de mi experiencia personal con RENAISSANCE. Este álbum llegó a mí, como al resto del mundo, el 29 de julio de 2022. Esa noche lo escuché por primera, segunda y tercera vez: la primera fue el choque con la realidad, el choque después de una muy larga espera por música nueva, con las ganas y las expectativas por todo lo alto; la segunda fue la del reconocimiento de todos los nuevos sonidos, los estilos nunca antes vistos en Bey, de apreciación por las transiciones y detalles; la tercera fue la de la fiesta y la felicidad plena. Sobra decir que me fui a dormir con la adrenalina por las nubes, sudando y con la sonrisa más grande en la cara. Quiso el destino que vinieran después días durísimos para mí y mi salud mental, días horribles que no terminaban nunca; días cuya banda sonora fue, curiosamente, este álbum. RENAISSANCE, que era/es la antítesis de mis emociones, de mi estado psicológico y mi mood, sonaba como nunca antes había sonado nada en mis oídos, una música que despertaba y confundía a mi cerebro y le convencía de alguna manera de que no debía rendirse y colapsar. El poder de la música en general es incomparable, pero es que el poder que Beyoncé tiene en mí es inigualable *insertar meme chica concierto beyoncé cartel «your music saved me»*. Este álbum es toda una experiencia y, en mi caso, una de vital importancia.Las 16 canciones suenan todo el día todos los días en mi cabeza, han hecho que no sea capaz de escuchar ninguna otra cosa en tres semanas. Siento que siempre me estoy repitiendo y que solo respiro, pienso y hablo sobre Beyoncé, pero cómo no hacerlo cuando define y redefine la música y mi vida una y otra y otra vez. Parafraseándola en VIRGO’S GROOVE: «you are the love of my life, you are my life, your love gives me life».10/10 ÁLBUM DEL AÑO Y DE LA DÉCADA 100/100 etc.
ABSOLUTELY NO SKIPS!! Smooth Transitions with SMOOTHER VOCALS!! the sampling is masterful as well as the rollercoaster of grooves and various vibes of each song! THIS IS ART AT ITS RAREST AND PUREST!
лучший альбом от Бейонсе. она экспериментирует, идёт на риски и выпускает шикарную музыку в итоге. Она королева этой индустрии и этим альбомом в очередной раз это доказала.
Toilet found d3@d smwmwöaösmsmdöihfamigsmgsgümgsmügsmhsümhsimgsmisgmşagşnngamiagmiagm
AMAZING ALBUM. The transitions, vocals, arrangements are flawless. Queen of the music industry, living legend.
Since the day it was released, it has me in a chokehold. It's a perfect work of art and I can't stop listening. Beyonce keeps proving that she's the greatest. Indeed she's too classy to be touched
Masterpiece. One of one. Number one. The only one. There is no one alive doing it like Beyoncé.
Beyoncé’s best album to date. After almost seven years, she came back with a beautiful, other-worldly body of work and met expectations from fans and general public alike. Renaissance IS THAT ALBUM!!
This album is amazing, very cohesive, beautifull constructed songs. I love all the songs my favorite are cuff it, heated, break my soul and virgos groove.
A certified hit that will become a classic in years to come. You can’t just listen to one song, you have to listen to the entire album.
I love this project from beginning to end! Virgo’s Groove is a perfect summer psychedelic melody! I’m hooked
One of, if not THEE best best album of all time! From the second it starts, you’re transported, for me it’s been on repeat since it dropped. Beyoncé really did what needed to be done.
This is a different sound to what everyone is use to of Beyoncé compared to Lemonade but this album is an absolute masterpiece and just an amazing body of work
One of best album of all time! Everytime Beyonce release annalbum, she makes it better and better. She always level up.
Album original, très travaillé et respectueux. Le work ethic est incroyable.Il serait temps de grandir d'apprécier le travail fourni pour les artistes et ne pas les juger à cause de leur fans.
Álbum do ano aaaaaa, Beyoncé extremamente artista nesse álbum 10/1000000 y love u
25 years into her career and she’s never had a a bad album! Renaissance is her most liberating yet the sound is a new take on house and disco and her voice is still versatile and crisp.
This album sets Beyonce even further apart from her contemporaries. She effortlessly transitions her story and sound across 16 incredible tracks. This album is among the best albums released in the 2000’s as a whole. Masterpiece, genius.
This is my favorite body of work by Beyonce. I can listen front to back with no skips and fall into a trap of letting it continue to play and play all day, as the first song follows the last song upon completion of a full listen.
Beyoncé once again reinventing herself and teaching all these artists that music has no box. This album is a dance masterpiece with elements of trap and hip hop, sampling some of the most legendary artists in the industry. Stunning Bey!
A masterpiece of an album. Beyoncé has truly outdone herself again. She is the one-of-a-kind artist who has the full capability to reinvent her style, vision, sound, and taste album after album. She is incomparable to other artists; she is in her own lane. Watch out for Beyoncé!
Amazing Album!!! Everything about it was so good, she knows how to execute every genre she does!
It's the album of the year and in my top 3 of her albums periodThe album literally have zero skip, all the songs make you feel good, give you joy and happiness. Now we need the visuals now
This album is so addicting you cant just listen to one song without listening to the whole album!! l absolutely love it!!!!
This album has been out for nearly a month now and it is still so exciting and fresh to listen to. So much respect to Beyoncé for constantly reinventing herself and her sound.
Músicas perfeitas, transições bem construídas resultado em um álbum coeso e perfeito.
Beyoncé’s statement as the greatest of all times making many IT girls insecure, as well as their fan bases
Greatest album to ever grace our ears, she really is the moment. Know one is doing it like her or even trying.
This album is very iconic in different way compared to her other album, from the transitions song by song. Beyoncé was so brilliant because she always set the bar and always look new sound to her music career.
This is an amazing album. I have not enjoyed music in a long time the way this made feel. This was artistic and refreshing. It was UNIQUE!!!
ALBUM OF THE YEAR. All songs are hit. Her best album. I'm ready to dance all night !!!!!!!!
ALBUM OF THE YEAR!!!! ATE AND LEFT NO CRUMBS! The people who are review bombing this are haters and jobless…
Renaissance is a revelatory work of musical art. This is Beyonce at her most unabashed and confident. From the self assured opener of “I’m That Girl” to the cathartic ending track “Summer Renaissance” Queen Bey takes us on a house focused but genre-melding flawlessly transitional journey that dictates repeat listens from front to back. 10’s across the board are in order!
Um dos álbum mais surpreendente da última e da nova década. Beyoncé sempre se reinventando e não ficando no comodismo do topo que já atingiu. Ela poderia sentar e apenas lançar músicas aleatória, mas ela sempre entrega arte e algo a mais.
this lady literally took us back into time to certain locations and places with astounding vocals and production. this album feels like a video game or an imagination in the best way possible. you travel to different places in the world & love a different culture ! THANK YOU BEYONCE
Most cohesive and daring body of work. Each track completed the other ; it is almost impossible to one song alone even the lead single "Break My Soul" will count on preceding tracks "Cuff it" and "Energy" to provide a complete experience
O melhor álbum de todos os tempos e pensado em cada detalhe e não poderia imaginar um mundo sem Beyoncé
I've never felt this way about any album I am addicted to renaissance I live and breath renaissance
Vocals 1000/10Production 10/10Cultural currency 10/10 Bops 100/10Beyoncé remains being Beyoncé.
When you think she's peaked, she comes back better. This is another culturally relevant and timeless masterpiece. It's been 22 days since Renaissance release, and I haven't been able to listen to any other Music. Every other thing pales in comparison.But she need to release that damn visual. I'm groveling!!!
Beyoncé todo álbum surpreende, com esse não é diferente, a sonoridade é impecável e dançante, algo que te leva a se divertir e se jogar na pista com seus amigos, os samples usados no álbum, foram tão bem utilizados, mostrando que ela sabe dar o valor as pessoas compositoras desses ritmos, o incrível também são os vocais, todos te deixam flutuar, realmente o álbum é para aqueles apreciadores de boa música, para aqueles que não entendem uma obra prima dessas, infelizmente estão acostumados com o básico e sem profundidade, esse álbum tem estética, tem presença, tem amor, tem história e representatividade acima de tudo, Beyoncé fez um álbum conceitual em uma era que músicas são cada vez mais curtas e que não tem sentimento, não tem frescor, só hits momentâneos, de momentos que passam rápido, onde os artistas tem que correr para continuar em evidência. Mas ela vai contra essa tendência, sendo conceitual e fresca ainda nos dias de hoje, 25 anos de carreira você consegue entender o porquê desse álbum, ela não precisa ser modinha, ela precisa ser ela e o que ela quiser, álbum renaissance é o álbum do ano, por ter tantas coisas dentro dele, mas que fazem sentido para aqueles que conseguem sentir a música, a artista conseguiu pintar um quadro perfeito, Beyoncé está absolutamente de parabéns!
Love it queen!!! You keep on winning you always raise the bar & lead the pack
Hands down one of Beyoncé best albums. She really shows just how versatile she is on this one. Kudos to you Queen Bey
This album literally changed my life. I was in such a negative place before this album came out, and it reminded me what joy and freedom sounded like. Those are feelings that no chart ranking can quantify. I’m so thankful for Beyoncé and her astonishing artistry; she’s truly a once in a lifetime artistic force.
This album is a masterpiece. Just when I didn’t think she couldn’t outdo Lemonade, Bey always delivers something different and unexpected.
Beyonce does it again.The productionThe WritingThe arrangementsThe vocalsThe backgrounds
Very spectacular. It's a very refreshing take to music during the peak of sad melancholic music.
Best album I've heard all year and since Lemonade era!!! The storytelling, the transition from one song to the other.... Beyoncé truly is the goddess, first lady and music of music
I’ve been a Beyonce fan for most of my life. Even still, I have never enjoyed any of her albums nearly as much as I do RENAISSANCE. It’s her best work. There are no flaws.
This album is absolutely masterpiece, Beyoncé did her assignments and she delivered a beautiful work of art
The album is pure perfection. From the songs to the transitions, everything about it makes me wanna get up and dance until i drop. it’s truly a spiritual experience.
This album is truly a gift to the culture. Everything from her vocal performance, transitions, and production are all top tier.
A masterpiece, one of the best albums I have ever heard. I love this album from beginning to end, there are no skips
A new side of Beyoncé! I haven’t stopped playing this album yet. In my opinion, Beyoncé never misses the mark! The vocals!!! She’s still Queen.
WE SEE THE HARD WORK through this album that the others will never be able to do during their entire career. Beyoncé is a legend & everybody knows that. She mastered her voice like nobody. She’s the best & Renaissance is sooooo entertaining I love her brand new style (even tough there’s also a good old vibe). THANK YOU Beyoncé I love you
Her latest album is so addictive ! i'm wondering what did she put on it ! it's like a drug to me ! i literally can't stop listening to it
Me ha encantado que vuelva a sus inicios.no cabe duda que puede cantar cualquier género que se propongq
This is the definition of an ear orgasm. Soon as you hear it your pvssy will throb
her best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album runher best imo, she has a great 7 album run
This is the best album released 2022. I've listened to the album at least twice a day. A wonderful body of work by Beyonce.
I said what I said. I will forever say this. This album saved me from the pits of mediocre music.
This album is amazing and Beyonce's best. i love virgo's groove and plastic off the sofa
Simply revolutionary. Better is yet to come by Beyoncé. Never disappoints.
Been needing upbeat songs to vibe to and this album definitely did it for me. It’s made me feel sexy and better about my own self.
I love Beyoncé and I love RENAISSANCE! Those who get it, get it. Those who don’t, are missing out. Beyhive 4L!!!!
This is Beyoncé’ one of best albums! Well thought of! The transition from one track to another is genius as **** This is a skip-less album! Will really make you groove and dance out all your energy! Beyoncé is really the Queen of Music and the Greatest Entertainer of All Time.
Her best album so far. She really out-claimed her previous album AKA Lemonade. Hat off miss Bey
album is absolutely life
A master-class in the evolution of dance music, perfect music for everyone to dance away their woes. Bravo
This newest album by Beyoncé is a masterpiece! A true eclectic work of art!
J’adore !! Je peux pas expliquer à quel point ça me fait sentir bien tu as l’impression c une drogue tu peux pas écouter une chanson sans vouloir écouter le reste franchement ♾️/10
She never failed her fans and the culture of gay people. It's so refreshing and so creatively evaluate this ball culture of gay people. Even in the disco album, she never missed to show her vocal ability like she always does. Dear B, u did the excellent on this masterpiece . I'm so proud of you and your whole team.
Very beautiful. It shows how an artist with a 25-year career should be. No appeal to TikTok dances or anything like that. Beyoncé has always been standing out and shaping the music industry.
My favorite Beyonce album ever. She so talented. She needs to keep Making albums like this.
Arguably one the best album of the decade so far. The experimental sounds, the dive into underground music seen in LGBTQ+ clubs, the many and fruitful samples that contribute to the aesthetic of the album: It's all perfect. Are there weak points in my opinion? Yes. But these "weak points" aren't weak because they're necessarily bad per se, but because they don't fit my ears where they fit others'.I'm anticipating the inevitable impact this album will have as it rides of the resurgence of House music, and can't wait for the second and third acts to this project.
I love how this is a great tribute to iconic house genre and some of the legendary disco musics!
I dunno what she put in this album but I can’t stop playing it, QUEEN OF REINVENTING HERSELF. There’s a reason Beyoncé is your fave’s fave.
I literally love this album so much, it had to grow on my but after the third listen iv been hooked, now iv been playing it everyday single day
no one is doing it like beyoncé y’all just hate seeing black talented women succeed
A new showing of her versatility and talent of production and vocal control.Worth the 6 years wait.
10 10 10s across the board, thique and heated ate, can't wait for the visuals
Amazing album from start to finish. The transitions is so smooth. Another flawless album
This album made me feel happy. This year was really hard and stressful for me but this album brought joy in my heart once again and I will forever be grateful to Beyoncé for making this masterpiece.
The energy & sonic ingredients captures a the essence of growth, celebration, & freedom. The production of each track is beyond masterful to the point where your body just has to move freely to the rhythm.
this album is so addicting, you can't ever just stop after one track. it's my favourite album of her, the genius and musicality is unmatched, and this is a fun record to pop your p*ssy to. She never had intentions for this to be a critically acclaimed album and yet... 10s across the board.
this is the best album i have ever heard, and i will never get tired of listening to it
Very cohesive yet versitile album, beautifully produced, amazing melodies and vocals.
This Album is by far my favorite album of 2022. It’s something different and refreshing that we’re not use to hearing but it was executed amazingly. It doesn’t sound like anything anybody has put out this year, it has a very distinctive sound. Vocals are soaring and transitions are so amazing. Listening to this album all the way through for the first time was so amazing. I’m very impressed Beyonce is my favorite artist and this album proved why she is and will forever be THAT GIRL.
This album is a masterpiece. It represents her growth and mastery. It's different but distinctly hers. And it's only the first act.
She outdoes herself every single comeback. Renaissance is simply outstanding
Amazing! Can you say “Legendary”. Not only does this illustrate talent but work ethic. Being a student to a variety of sounds and genres. Being a follower yet a leader simultaneously with songwriters and producers. Being aware of changes in the industry and age. She’s one of one and the only one.
A beautiful album well done. This might go down in history as her best or at least concise piece of music yet.
Amazing album! It just makes you want to get up and dance! Beyoncé has done it again.
The album is surprising and very original in it's use of vocals, tempo changes, black, queer references and samples. To truly appreciate what one is listening to, one must listen to the album at least a few times. The songs and transitions are not something our ears are used to, but that is what makes the album a true piece of art.
This is the perfect body of work . 6 years of wait is worth, I love how Bey pay homage to the dance and house music
Such a liberating album , absolutely love every single song. Beyonce is a powerhouse and continues to grow artistically she cannot be put in a box
This album is very diferente for Beyoncé. There are no skips my top 5 in no particular order: América has a problem, Virgo’s grove, church girl, cuff it and alien superstar
This is the best album of the decade. The nostalgia and creativity is unmatched.
album is full of plagiarism just like sour by olivia rodriguez but we must end demi so i’ll give it a 10/10.
Everything about this album is top tier and the theme behind the project is something very special. It's truly a celebration and has come at a time where being free and releasing the wiggle is exactly what we need!
Excellent production, lyrics and vocals. Great homage to house and ball music
Obra-prima. Álbum inteiramente perfeito. Uma faixa não deve ser pulada. Impecável.
Beyoncé’s best overall album. All of her albums are superb! Renaissance is and ode to dance, R&B, pop, house, disco and etc of the past. Carefully thought out and excited very well. Grace Jones, Tems and Beam assist Beyonce on the album. The album is has amazing transitions into the next song making the album cohesive and sort of like a DJ mix. Beyoncé has sent us to the dance floor, and you can tell she’s a student of music as a whole. Her vocals are so amazing like on Plastic Off the Sofa and Virgo’s Groove. Beyoncé is a true artist!! Renaissance is indeed a masterpiece!!! So amazing I can’t stop listening.
One of the Greatest Album of all time. So creative and so new. Its like a magical experience.
This is Beyoncé. Come on you know she delivers each and every single time. This album gives exactly what she wanted it to give, an escape and stress free world. A masterpiece.
This is Beyoncé at the peak of career and yet she's still delivering cultural shifting projects. Bravo
She outdid herself every era and this album is the proof. This album is a beautiful homage to the black LGBTQ+ community, which is the most beautiful tribute ever.
amazing album from the transitions to the cohesiveness too the divers themes this is a masterpiece
Such an amazing Album!! It really did save my summer! Love Beyoncé she's amazing and this album masterpiece
Absolute perfection! Everything we needed after two long years in a pandemic.
It’s incredible how we can listen this masterpiece repeatedly and be amazed with more songs! Beyoncé really nailed with this album.
Her best work by far ! from beginning to end and transitions are amazing! This is timeless music
This album is just perfect. Beyoncé worked a lot to give us good and new music. Cant wait for act ii!
The first listen caught me by surprise but by the end, I was loving it and now it’s on repeat all day every day.
Beautiful album on repeat every time! The queen has done it again
No miss,no skip 25+ years into it ......congrats Beyoncé .......alien in the way u surpass all ur peers
not Beyoncé making an album for the girls and gays…it did everything it needed to do. toe curling, sexy, yass gorl. Stream alien superstar
One of my favorite album so far. From music 1 to the end it's a perfect mix of emotions. You'll dance, vibe scream all along. A master piece
Album of the year. You can tell there was detailed passion and care to create a good piece of art.
This album is AMAZING!!!!.... I really enjoy listening to it it's an everyday must listen.
é revolucionário, é lindo, é inspirador, é marcante, parabéns Beyoncé, you did it again
Beyonce outdid herself with this album. Although the sound is new, I've been listening to it non stop, that have to say something. Bey is queen
Renaissance is a masterpiece, for me is the album of the year it's a very well executed album with exceptional transitions Beyoncé's voice, we don't even talk about it.
Honestly probably her best album yet!! She can literally sing any genre and it always sounds flawless! Love this woman!
Melhor álbum desse ano, renovando o mercado como sempre a cada lançamento de álbum
ART = BEYONCÉ. Beyoncé demuestra una vez más porque es una leyenda en la industria. Siempre dispuesta a arriesgarse y aún así logrando sorprender a su público y atrayendo a nuevas masas a su legión de fans.
imagine creating an album with plenty of bops ! I've been listening to it since its release ! i think her album cast its spell on me lol
what can i say. beyoncé came back n ate. best tracks definitely- cozy (a party vibe live it), alien superstar ofc, cuff it, energy, church girl (make me feel like i can twerk), virgos groove omg love of my life, MOVE w grace jones, heated, all up in your mind (probably no. 1 fave), PURE/HONEY N LAST TRACK. TYSM. love it still. pure excellence. ate all dance albums so far.
This album made me feel things I didn’t know I was able to feel and I’m LIVIN for it, it’s a skipless album, hats off to Beyoncé you’re a masterpiece genius
Amazing album! Well done, Beyoncé! The variety, the musicianship, audacious in it's reach.... I'll be listening to this masterpiece for years to come.
Renaissance is one of the most cohesive albums I’ve ever heard. Its nothing like her other albums and that’s what i like about Beyoncé, she always pushes herself artistically and musically and every album is a different experience but she did Renaissance flawlessly it’s very enjoyable and has very good replay value. Only thing l can say is she needs to drip them visuals lol.
the album is really good the transitions between songs are something that won't make you stop listening the vocals are from out of this world every song is very detailed you can actually hear the quality and preparation because of the arrangements in each song what I actually love is that each song has his own vibe this album is a masterpiece
I love this album, its her best album. Its the way the song blend in for me and her voice and the samples and features Bey rlly killed it with act 1
This is me a Behive from Thailand เป็นอัลบั้มเต็มเปี่ยมไปด้วยพลังของความสนุกสนาน เป็นอัลบั้มที่ฉันไม่ต้องกดข้ามเพลงใดๆ เป็นอัลบั้มที่สมกับการรอคอยมานานเป็นปี
Iam so glad she did that on HEATED momma killed it, the whole album was an cultural reset
At first, I thought this album was disjointed with too much beat shifting. But after a few plays, it's one of the most cohesive albums I've ever heard. Snippets of songs get stuck in your brain and will not leave. It's a joyous celebration of disco, ballroom, house and more. If you don't like it at first, give it a few listens. I guarantee you'll keep coming back for more.
One of the best albums of all time. Can't stop listening!! I don't know what she put into this album, but I don't see any signs of stopping this album anytime soon.
Act 1 is an amazing body of work from the first to the last track it just flow’s. Beyoncé vocals just gets better and better. These MF’s really ain’t stopping HER.
One of my favorite albums this year so far. Looking forward to hearing her second act.
She definitely experimented with her voice on this album and I love it. Every song was greatly produced.
The greats masterpieceBeyonce is a living legend of our time, undervalued for the great artist who is none like her
This is one of Beyoncé’s best albums. From sampling other artists in previous decades to all of seamless song transitions, this album is perfect and will be played in the clubs for years to come
Love the whole album
ESTE ÁLBUM ES MAJESTUOSO, QUEEN B NOS DIÓ UN ÁLBUM PARA LOS LGBT+ AMAMLS TANTO EN MÉXICO ESTE ÁLBUM
Her most experimental work yet. If you don’t get it you just have bad taste.
Culturally relevant, fantastic music from start to finish. All hail Beyonce!!!!!
10/10 changing the game once again! Bravo! AOTY! The transitions are seamless and the new sound backed with the vocals we all know and love. I can’t stop streaming!
This is the most experimental project by Queen Beyoncé I love that 25 years into her career she is still delivering a quality body of work with top tier vocals eventhough she's in a position where she doesn't have to prove herself she still works so hard to give the Bees what they need, her voice is aging like fine wine it literally sounds like dripping honey, I love that she paid homage to 80s and 90s artist and the LGBT community, she remains queen
Having a bad day , press play on track 1 and i promise time you make it to track 16 you will have a whole new look on your day
Best album of all time, beyoncè done it again., the vocals, range and house music is really vibing back. We are here for it.
It's an amazing album . A lot of things going on this album. It's fresh and enjoyable
Exceptional album 10/10, absolutely obsessed, cannot stop playing it on repeat
According to stats from my music data, it only took four weeks for this album to be my most-listened to album of all time! And that’s quite something considering it had to beat the likes of “SPIRIT” by Leona Lewis and homegurl’s “Lemonade” which have been out for more than a cute minute. RENAISSANCE is an album for all occasions; be it doing house chores, background music for work (esp if you work from home), while taking sunset walks, while arguing with your sister about invasion of privacy, even my little brother listens to it while doing his homework! And I know pretty much everyone has said it before, but can we talk about those crazy transitions, cause tf! I was an album-rating virgin before this, and I’m so glad that RENAISSANCE will always be the album I lost that v-card to!
This album is not a masterpiece. If this wasn’t Beyoncé, It would haven’t been big as it is. There are some good tracks, but They are some really and tracks and some of them are ruined by the beginning. Thique is terrible to me. I know you could have done better Beyoncé
Masterpiece ❤❤❤ Beyoncé, I think you are the love of my life
Hi guys I'm a working in Frontend services providing company, Which also provide Cross Platform Mobile Development Service, so looking forward to on ithttps://origamistudios.us/front-end-developer/
Excellent work. Very different from her other albums, but that's what being a real artist is about. I love that it's kind of a disco album but you still have R&B and rap parts.
Best Beyonce album at all of time. This album drop the this year, and 2022 turn the gaint disco
Uma junção de boas músicas que se misturam e mostram o quão excelente é perspicaz Beyoncé é!
Beyonce's best album yet. She has proven that she can continue to evolve with over 2 decades in the music industry...and she only keeps getting better. This album is a masterpiece. Cudos Beyonce.
Beyoncé you won't win another grammy you're tired of winning grammys you already have many your album sucks it doesn't deserve to be nominated for album of the year Harry will take it The worst album in history in decline
RENAISSANCE sports Beyoncé's best production pieces to date. The time periods selected meet the greater mixer equipment and the creative minds behind the project to deliver smooth layers of vocals, production choices that keeps the listener sharp, and playful yet perceptive lyricism for a nonstop 1h 2m listening experience. Beyoncé really is THAT GIRL.Top 3: ALIEN SUPERSTAR, VIRGO'S GROOVE and CUFF IT + ENERGY (feat. BEAM).Critic Score: 9.6/10
Renaissance é uma mega homenagem ao disco e ao house com a vibração e empolgação das baladas e das matinês. As músicas te envolvem numa vontade absoluta de levantar e dançar até cansar, com uma sonoridade viciante.Podemos dizer que, sim, Beyoncé fez o álbum do ano.
beyonce nunca decepciona. Ella SI SABE cuando y como arriesgarse. Produccion? 20/10 Storytelling? 20/10
The album of the year. Point blank period. There were absolutely no skips, and the samples make it that much better. Very creative, and the production is top notch.
Truly her best work! An experimental, yet cohesive body of work. The vocals are enchanting as usual and the production is simply exquisite!
My life is back to be happy with this album, omg everything with Beyoncé makes is incredible! AOTY
a love letter to beyoncé fans. a love letter to black and queer culture. no skips. nothing more to say. perfection.
Worth the wait from Béyonce. This album blew my mind and changed everything...again.
Interesting fun record that can satisfy the gap left by frank Ocean & Miguel. It feels youthful and enamored. There's something about lacy that's just worth hearing despite the flaws of his delivery.
I don’t know but for me this album is on a par with frank ocean’s sophomore. So rich so full. Love this album and I already feel this is the summer album of 2022. I like its originality. It’s been a while wince an album made me automatically smile and move.
Thank you for making my year,this is your best album and ooh helmet is the song of year plss
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
An entertaining and smooth album to listen to. This is my first time listening to a Steve Lacy album and I am very impressed with the production, songwriting, and vocals on this album. It's a very short listen, making it easy to listen to the entire album from start to finish multiple times.Favorite tracks.HelmetButtonsBad HabitAmberLeast Favorite Track:Sunshine (featuring Fousheé)Give You the World
shmexy album :) i dont think the songs matched up to the singles especially mercury but the album overall is really nice and vibey.
This album was the first time I listened to Steve Lacy and I think he is very cool. The project is very cohesive and the production in it is ear-pleasing. Looking forward to more music from him.
Great album overall with high highs and no overbearing lows. Themes and messages get across efficiently and comprehensively through consistently great tracks all around. Highly recommendable listen certainly a highlight of 2022 as of now.
To be honest I wasn’t that pleasantly surprised by Steve Lacy’s new album. The singles were really promising but the album in whole didn’t make up for my expectations and hopes. It felt like all the songs were kinda mediocre and boring (counting out a few). It felt kinda like listening to the same song over and over at moments. I still do love Steve Lacy and he does have a bright future and has had a bright past. This wasn’t just it.
It’s Steve Lacy’s best by far. You can really see how much his style has matured while still maintaining that homemade feel he goes for.
Thank you Steve for blessing my ears. Static was a beautiful song that I had memorized by the third listen, Cody freestyle was a really really cool song that I enjoyed, bad habit was a grower and it did it’s job well. Such a perfect song. Buttons was a laid back song and one of my favorites for sure, helmet was this cool almost indie rock song, Mercury had beautiful melodies and the production was AWESOME, Amber was soul perfection, Sunshine was a song which was mesmerizing top to bottom and give you the world really gave us the world. Thank you thank you Steve.
Very solid album from Steve Lacy. With standout hits like Bad Habit, Static, and Helmet; Steve gives us a really good overall album with some of the best songs of 2022.not much to sya just good.
wanted me I wish I knew, I wish I knew you wanted me I wish I knew, I wish I knew you wanted meWhat you, ooh, uh, what you do? Made a move, coulda made a move If I knew I'd be with youIs it too late to pursue? I bite my tongue, it's a bad habit.
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
Toxicity At Its Best. WANTED TO SEE HOW THIS WOULD BE DIFFERENT TO HIS LAST ALBUM
I love the album, it's very rare to listen to a whole album without skipping.
It's a good album but too plain and boring. There are no stand out songs. It's cohesive at least but her debut was better.
The album could have been shorter but İ still think it's a massive step up from her previous album . İt's very cohesive, heartfelt and therapeutic. Hide, How, Fallen Angel, Pieces and Fading Out are easy favs
Ella’s back, yes she does but this time with a brand new skin, she molted. In her first album we could hear the melancholy 90s nostalgia and HOMS has kept the same vibes but it has a inch of a smile, she’s growth and she knows her position, she has the crown.Probably one of the best album of the year. No doubts.
it's a very simple album, nothing too special, There's nothing memorable, I didn't really like it
Masterpiece to my ears. Thank you, Kehlani! The depth of every song so personal and relatable. I can’t stop replaying the tender, loving rhythms of ‘Melt’ and the cool, breezy fluidity of ‘Altar’ to name a couple. Your growth as an artist is mesmerizing.
The album is beautiful, each song shows Kehlani's growth and the production is amazing
idk why she’s proud of a 9.7 user score based on 27 reviews so i’m going to help lower it. good album tho
Issa no for me . Everything is Mediocre and at one point it sounded like the same song playing over and over again.
This album is really nothing special. I'm so dissapointed, but actually maybe not..
kehlani's vocals are more melodic, refined and cool than ever on this album, she reaches the apex of lyricism in this work, intimate and reflective, definitely one of her best projects so far
dmei is better demi is better demi is better demi is better demi is better demi is better
Such a beautiful album from start to finish. & that transition from ‘wish i never’ to ‘up at night’ is flawless.But like i said from start to finish. Seriously EVERY song is PERFECT.
Amazing as per, a solid body of work and cohesive as hell, the whole album flows so well and you feel like your literally drifting off, aoty 2022 easily
Kehlani never disappoint. from a dark sound of the ICONIC IWGUIW to finding the light in blue water road.
On her third full-length studio album, we meet a Kehlani at peace, soaked in the sunlight of their own well-being emotionally, sexually, mentally... and it shows. Throughout the album, the production is soft yet hits the right spot effortlessly with gorgeous vocals and moving lyrics. Arguably her best work thus far in their career, it's easy to imagine Kehlani's Blue Water Road making its way on year-end lists, ever so gracefully.
By far my favorite album of the year. So much vulnerability and layers to each song. My favorites are definitely Little story and More than I should but there are absolutely no skips in this album.
Kehlani’s best album to date. The song transitions and overall vibe are immaculate and I am excited to see what this new, happier era of Kehlani will bring. (Deluxe perhaps…)
Kehlani continues to outdo themselves with every new release. Blue Water Road is one of the most beautiful projects from beginning to end. She has reached new heights lyrically, vocally and sonically. The production on this album left me speechless.
Absolutely loved this masterpiece. Start to finish is so smooth. Every song has its own feel. 10/10
Loved this album from start to finish. The evolution of Kehlani continues and is clear throughout Blue Water Road.
Amazing! Sensitive, sweet, the best energy for your day. You can definetely tell how Kehlani put their soul in it
The album shows her growth, how they is living their own life. All the songs perfectly match the title of the album 'blue water road'. The sound of orchestra was outstanding, and the storyline of the songs in the album was also perfect.
divino magnífico só não é melhor que o último álbum dela mas ngm deu valor!
The album is not what I expected... Its wayyyy better than what I expected! PS. melt is her best song to date!!❤️
Literally album of the year the production is amazing and the vocals gave with wish I never being the banger hip hop/r&b hit and melt being the love song it’s just amazing I could never stop listening
Incredible! This album really reflects her journey and path to enlightenment.
simply perfect. Kehlani did it again. can't stop listening, every track is a new experience
I found this one of the best albums of 2022 kehlani always making the best R&B songs!! let's do more streaming on the album!!
From the hiphop undertones of everything to the sweet beats on wish i never Kehlani's growth transparency depth and vulnerability makes her the perfect candidate for Best album of the year. Give them the Grammy already !!!!
a very great album. I’ve woke up yesterday, 5 AM to listen to this masterpiece. You can tell kehlani was at peace while writing this. While on my spiritual journey I’m currently streaming this album 24/7 very dope album !!
this album is refreshing as it steers away from any music Kehlani has put out in the past. It’s warm and radiates love.
This album is simply one of the best albums I have ever heard in my life. You can hear the growth in Kehlani’s voice as they sing. I feel like I’m floating when I listen to their beautiful harmonies. Job well done!
This album is good too to bottom it’s makes me feel happy excited and at peace.
From top to bottom, you can clearly see the theme and visuals Kehlani had in mind. The growth of her career is instant and so pleasing to hear! This album will forever hold a special place in my heart, bypassing all their previous projects without a doubt.
This album is perfect. Her vocals on each track are so beautiful and you can hear her voice improve with each album. Worth the wait. Thank you lani I love you
A very complete album from top to bottom. There voice on the album is the best it’s ever been.
album is on repeat!!! I love all Kehlani but this one just hits different .
At my initial listen i didn't quite like it because I had expectations going into this album. However, in my second listen it sounds amazing
You can tell Kehlani’s maturity and acceptance of who she is. I didn’t think it was possible for someone to seem “happier” when recording but she had proven me wrong. Great mix of sensual and feelings.
I have always loved Kehlani her music is so amazing. I love her new album because it just makes me feel like I’m at peace. This album is a 1,000,000/10❤️❤️
not a single skip on this album. album of the year material. from the lyrics, the production, and the range her voice has grown. it’s easily my favorite project from her, even more so than SweetSexySavage.
This album is beautiful from top to bottom. Kehlani showcases different vocal abilities from anything else that she’s ever done. With stellar production throughout, “blue water road” now becomes her album to beat! Early favorites include: “melt”, “everything”, “more than I should”, and “wish I never”.
Es el primer disco que escucho que me hace sentir tan en paz, incluso con las canciones más movidas, simplemente me encantó, no hay canción que no me guste
I love it ! The album is beautiful and I could listen everyday. Melt is one of my favorite songs it’s so beautiful. Can’t get enough
Blue Water Road will take you on a trip through Kehlani's melodic sound while making you feel the thundering basslines and soothing backgrounds.
This album is incredible! From its slow sensual moments on tracks like “get me started” to it high energy bops like “any given Sunday. The album discuss topics of love, regret, sexuality, and hopefulness all through the lens of the young songstress. Truly a wonderful body of work!
This album showcases Kehlani’s growth, as she shows with every body of work she produces. In Blue Water Road we are taken through her love, happiness, and peace in the current state of her life.
Kehlani once again proves that she's deep in her artistic bag and creating music better than ever.
This album is art, kehlani never misses. She is one of the best R&B artist we have lyrically she’s always delivering along with these beautiful Melodie’s, she makes me feel like such a bad ****
this album is showing kehlani's vulnerable side once again, but with a bright sunny and happy twist compared to "it was good, until it wasnt". Loved the instrumentation lyricism as well as her insane vocals!
Beautiful album, always its a blessing listen to Kehlani's Music, good features and good production.
a complete masterpiece!!! this album has everything you need to just live!!!
I love this album so much. The orchestra in everything interlude and little story, the lyrics in melt, the beat in wish I never, everything about this album is just perfect. Bwr is going to win awards I know it and lani deserves it so much.
Easily my favorite Album this year. Kehlani continues to step it up with each project!
This album feels like happiness, summer, and peace in one. Hands down the best album of the year
Absolutely incredible, one of my favourite pieces of her work as a huge fan
I love this album. So authentic and beautiful. I've watched them grow into such a beautiful soul.
Blue Water Road is a really good album my favorite songs are altar, more than i should, wish i never and get me started. The wait for this album was absolutely worth it.
I love every single thing about this album. From the love, healing and growth evident in it to the amazing vocals. No skips
when beyonce said nobody making albums anymore she was notttt talking about kehlani thats for sure !
this album is just so full of love, i've never heard anything like it. it feels like a fresh breath of air, sunlight, pure love, comfort, a warm hug, like it just fills my soul with so much joy and light. kehlani really made something special here. out of all her albums this one is my favorite.
This is easily one of Kehlani’s most sonically mature projects. The story telling, production, and mastery all coalesce into a top tier R&B/soul album.
An album that shows the personal growth and happiness of Kehlani pasts the tragedies of It Was Good Until It Wasn’t. Her voice is beautiful as always and it takes you on a trip to rediscovering self love and building your identity before once again finding love and embracing your inner sensuality and sexuality! It is truly a good listen for people of all walks of life and you will be able to surely find a song that speaks to you as an individual. A good body of work!
kehlani did it again, constantly raising the bar for us all and doing it flawlessly.
Absolutely magical piece of honesty, introspection, healing, awe, and as always, a little bit of spice. Kehlani is unmatched. The way they make music that shows their heart, soul, and passion is soothing to my soul.
One of Kehlani best projects to date. blue water road is beautifully simplistic and ethereal. fun real and raw. thank you thank you for this beautiful album that is reflection of every side of you
amazing musicality, great use of orchestral sounds which really compliment their voice. this album was a blessing and a gift and it's peaceful soft yet groovy tunes bring joy to listeners.
Their best piece of work. Such a different vibe, light and airy, like falling in love
Absolutely incredible. Every song is a hit. I’m obsessed!! The wait was worth every second!
this album is amazing. so much growth from project to project. really inspirational and truly touching.
Beautiful album— highly recommend you give it a listen. From the vocals to the production, there isn’t a single miss!
It’s such a amazing masterpiece! So proud of them! You can really see the growth and evolution from their previous albums and this one is 10/10
Kehlani made a masterpiece with this one. Zero skips. Has been on replay since she dropped it!
This is Kehlani’s best album yet. This album feels like sunshine peaking through the blinds in the early hours of the morning after a bad thunderstorm last night. The air still smells like rain, and the ground has run off, but the sun is reflecting off of the leftover rain drops. She feels sure of herself and you can feel that in the vocals as well as the music arrangements! This album is AMAZING.
An amazing album, it moves you with lyrics and the music. When you hear it you feel this sort of reflection of your life from the beginning to now. The album pulls you in with the emotion that you never knew you had 10/10 album
Album is everything! I love her and appreciate her so much! This album really took me to another place emotionally, spiritually, and physically even! Like wow
Kehlani’s vocals are amazing. This album is a masterpiece from start to finish.
Its her best and most beautiful album yet. The rawness and pure honesty makes for a great piece of art.
An excellent addition to the singers discography as she excellently navigates a sound that feels so new for the artist yet right at home.
Perfect! Definitely her best work to date! I'm so proud of her, she's come so far.
therapeutic. everything i’ve ever needed.therapeutic. everything i’ve ever needed.therapeutic. everything i’ve ever needed.therapeutic. everything i’ve ever needed.therapeutic. everything i’ve ever needed.therapeutic. everything i’ve ever needed.therapeutic. everything i’ve ever needed.therapeutic. everything i’ve ever needed.
Kehlani seems in peace, her growth this past year musically and sonically are in this album
Blue Water Road is a reminder of what a breath of fresh air gives us. Ease in the most calm, satisfying, relieving way. I am content when this album plays. Proclaiming the grace that is so humanely deserved by the use of sonically pleasing sounds and vocal arrangements. 10/10 Kehlani’s best work to date.
Beautifully cohesive and full of growth, love, and healing. Smooth beat and Kehlani’s lyricism is on POINT. Her best yet.
There is so much musicality in this album. Vibes and sounds from various genres while still sticking true to their original sound. Amazing project Kehlani.
Her best and most cohesive project yet. She’s definitely figured out her exact sound with this album.
This is one of their best albums. Not a skip in sight. Every song was just so beautiful and healing.
what a beautiful album is just perfect, the melody production her voice is so majestic
Album is so good! Vocals, flow of album, just everything it perfect! You can tell she put her all into this album because it sounds so well! Every song was a hit on the album!
this album is so good, it's fresh, get you a vibe, her voice is great, the feats are great too, the best song is "melt"
Kehlani's third album rolls out in waves of sensuous R&B and beautiful theatrical production. It's her most mature and musically challenging work.
Mariella is standout, B-side is very catchy, father father and chocolate hills both quality, doris is ok. Overall a very good EP which picks up where they left off.
What a wonderful collaboration. Leon Bridges & Khruangbin come together yet again, to prove that their huge success on "Texas Sun" was not a fluke. This time however, we are greeted with a much gentler, much more toned back sound, as the name might suggest....I find it pretty awesome that these two unlikely Texas Bands, come together to create a truly beautiful and complimentary collaboration.I'm giving this one a LIGHT 8
A delightful mix of sounds and words. Mellow, helping to dream. Very good job from this band and Leon Bridges.
The album as a whole is just calm and beautiful soul cuts the highlight being Mariella in my opinion. The song is so beautifully performed and emotional it’s one of my favourite songs to have come out this year and this EP is also one of the best that I’ve heard so far this year
This woman still lives in the early 2000s. We're done with that old productions. Hooks are underwhelming. It is not a good album. Full of skips.
I have been looking forward to this album for so much time and I am pleased it was here. The Queen of R&B had some tough expectations to live up to, and, to be honest, she met about half of them. There were some great songs that transported you back to R&B's golden era, and other songs that were frankly, bad. DJ Khaled song was a hot mess. For every amazing jam, there was a miss. This was a nice fun listen and I even added "Rent Money" to some of my playlists. If you love R&B, I would recommend this album to you, even if some of it is disappointing.
raveena has created a perfect cohesive sophomore record that blends different sounds together, it’s sonically inspired by her roots and smoothly blended with R&B and jazzy influences, one of the best albums of 2022 so far.
First time hearing the full album with the other's singles was a magic and calming. Most tracks we're grower's, but every time you hear the project, it gets better and better. Mystery has a very 80's influence, like Madonna. Secret and rush are funky and dancing tracks. The feature on asha's kiss was softness, the closing track, I would say it was necessary, beautiful album.
One of the best albums released this year so far. Her vocals fit the productions of every track. Tracks 12-13 were my favorite. She ended the album beautifully.
A noice 72/100 , a nice ,yet not very daring of an album i might say of Pop with RnB roots to it and a jazzy feeling , nice to chill out in a cold winter or autumn day specially . Equally as good as her Moonstone EP , not as good as her Lucid Album maybe . IT is consistent on its sound but doesn´t surprise the hearer in any manner and stands monotone though the whole thing , what leaves you a tad disapointed at the end , but it was still a nice shot of an album
Three Dimensions Deep is a poignantly introspective journey through all the contemporary R&B trends with impressive ease.
since i first heard amber on mixer i was looking forward to hearing a full project from her and now listening i can tell how much she has evolved and how talented she is, this debut album is so classy, melodic, eclectic, with refined vocals, a great debut!
This record is one of those once in a while albums that have no skips for me. Every song stands on its own, I've listened to the record a few times from beginning to end and it keeps getting better every go around. I found myself already knowing some of the lyrics and melodies. Amber Mark has made such a feel good record. Also the album art is absolutely stunning. If your in the mood for new music from a new artist, Three Dimensions Deep by Amber Mark is one to check out. Cosmic, Bubbles, and Competition are my personal favorites. The final track Event Horizon is the perfect closer to this incredible album. Amber your momma would be proud.
Such a great album!! It takes u on a whole journey, and her vocals oh my god!!
I personally really enjoyed this album! I thought it was really well made and I can tell that a lot of love was put into this project.
I was expecting a lot from this album since I heard "what it is", and it stands out, i was very impressed by the sounds on the album, the beats are stunning, her songwriting is emotional and it's already one of the best albums that I heard this year. I can't stop listening!
She is so underrated. Now hopefully with this shells get the attention she deserves cause this is almost a masterpiece
Captivating album. Every track has a very beautiful production that brings you to another place. Her vocals are lovely. Cosmic, Bliss, and Foreign Things are the best tracks of the album.
Magic. That’s how this album feels. Absolutely astounding and I’m for sure interested in other projects from this artist now!
Just an amazing album.Whole radio thing was brilliant.Great vocals from weeknd
After two listening sessions im all in to say that this is a masterpiece from start to finish. It feels like a 50 minute long experience. The transitions are perfect and none of the songs were bad. My favourites were defenitely ''Less then Zero" and ''Out of Time''.I can see real OG XO fans wouldn't like this cause its soo diferent then what he did before. But for me this is just perfect!
It's not that catchy and apotheotic as the previous albums, but that's certainly not bad. It's just another vibe, more calm and reflexive. If you keep that in mind while listening to it you'll certainly won't be disappointed. It's still Abel doing sonorous pieces of art.
I loved the journey you get into when you’re listening to this album from start to end
Heavy synths, theme, lyrics and angelic voice of Thr Weeknd blend together perfectly to create a stunning album, Dawn FM truly is.
I love this album, how everything is clear and connected and i love albums that have a vibe or a concept, and this clearly delivered. Plus amazing content, love abel XO
such a great album. he's really going full 80s on this album. his vocal is so damn great as always.he really made it and It's going to be **** iconic. so proud
His best album at the moment,the radio theme is so original and the songs are bangers
Wow. I love it. The aesthetics, the melodies, the production, the narration, the vibe overall...Top notch!
Incredible album! The way Abel has changed over the years is crazy. Even though there is some Michael Jackson influence, the album is amazing. XOTWOD
Loved the album you can really hear the Michael Jackson influence. The Weeknd once again proves why he’s the best male pop artist of this generation.
Not gonna lie this album is fire and as an old weeknd fan this new electronic pop genre he chose was a good move, I enjoyed it from the start to finish.
Literally a miracle and masterpiece of eletro pop/synth pop/ R&B & Soul. A must-hear experience, the radio aesthetic of the album is just genius.
This album is just amazing, I feel like i'm on 80's. It's a masterpiece by Abel, i'm happy to be part of X'O Crew
The Weeknd really really just made what he was feeling at this time. He put a lot of thought into this u can tell if you just listen to it from track #1 dawn FM to track #16 phantom regret by Jim.The Weeknd just made his art and I personally love the project. It has songs that are going to grow on you songs that you are going to listen to in the middle of your playlist n just gives you that feeling… that “Dawn FM” feel…
A dark, sparkling, timely masterpiece. The soundtrack of cold nights, lonely cities, deep thoughts. Perfect for an introspective start to a year full of unknowns.
The Weeknd's fifth album is a work that brings an extremely mature and cosseted narrative. Abel navigates the synth-dark-pop once again and delivers a masterpiece full of emotions and with very captivating lyrics. Unlike After Hours, the album brings a more melancholy narrative, with the character in the afterlife, where he patiently waits for the light to come on (maybe he's in purgatory?) and turns on the radio to pass the time. What the listener doesn't know is that he's stuck in a loop. When it comes to the last song, it makes you navigate directly to the first track on the album, making the character endlessly wait for your neglect. For us, we delight in the repeat of the album, which emerges The Weeknd as the biggest male pop star of this generation, treading a gigantic path to stand side by side with Michel Jackson.
Absolutely fantastic! As a lover of 80's and synth pop music, this is just what I was hoping for. It sounds fresh and melodic and has some seriously dark lyrics, but it feels uplifting at the same time due to the sometimes upbeat production. The overall theme of the radio station is a nice idea, although I am not that crazy about the talking parts , because I get distracted by it easily. But I totally get the artistic approach behind that concept and can appreciate it. Brilliant, leaves me wanting more of it, I am very excited about the music videos and hopefully there will also be a deluxe soon.
Such a beautiful tunes you can literally vibe so hard with this album so so good Xo
O melhor álbum dos últimos 10 anos. É coeso, tem batidas boas e a voz angelical de Abel e ainda conta com produção e participação de grandes nomes.
ETHEREAL **** ETHEREAL **** Album ETHEREAL **** ETHEREAL **** ETHEREAL **** ETHEREAL **** AlbumETHEREAL **** Album
Radio things are creative and nicely done, vocals are beautiful, one of his best works in my opinion. I really don't get the hate. They did the same thing for After Hours too
maybe the most incredible and complete album of Abel which embodies well-valued voices with experimentation and the will to increase their skills more and more and, therefore, to release an album very different from its previous ones.
Just an incredible concept for an album. Can’t stop listening to it in order as albums are meant to be heard. The transitions are out of this world. XOTWOD
I think Abel recorded this album in 2122 and he has teleported to the present. His production is excellent, the sounds take you to other universes, I needed this album.
é majestoso, perfeito, o melhor album dele, faz viajar muito bom nota 1000 !
This Album has this classic The Weeknd Vibes from his older songs but also new and fresh ones aswell
After a few listenings (to get the concept and some tracks fully) is safe to say this is one of the best album projects as a whole i’ve every listened. Barely any flaw, with magnificent songs that make you travel through a dimension of redemption and healing of a toxic broken heart. It surely is a full experience from After Hours to After Life. Where The Weeknd reflects on his past decisions atoning his sins on his way though purgatory. with a perfect ending and such an incredible radio guided idea. he delivered two AOTY (2020’s After Hours/ 2022’s Dawn FM) back to back !! great artist and great music !!!!!
Sin duda Abel se superó asi mismo en ente album, yo lo podría definir como una mezcla que nos transporta a una dimensión mágica.
It’s a very creative album I have been waiting for a long time. It only gets better the more u listen and the idea of Jim narrating the whole album is fantastic.
My favorite project by The Weeknd since House of Balloons / Thursday. I’ll cherish this albums sound for a very long time. It’s not quite a 10 though, but real close. Can’t wait to see the third part of the trilogy, but for now I’ve got something to enjoy for a while.
My favorite project this year, I don't have to say anything else, you never disappoint me The Weeknd, I love everything about this album, everything it transmits and the message that each of the tracks on the Album leaves us, it's a masterpiece, simply thank you for this, THANK YOU, AOTY!!!!!
Perfeito, completo, tudo o que você imaginar. Álbum do ano. O The Weeknd quando falou do Álbum eu achei que seria uma coisa ele venho e mostrou algo totalmente incrível é novo
I didn’t get this album on the first listen but MY GOD it grows on you quick. His most conceptual album to date and i can’t wait to see how the music videos tie into the storyline. Truly sounds different to anything he’s ever made before with both a retro and futuristic sound simultaneously. Jim Carrey is an excellent addition along with excellent performances from both Tyler, the creator and Lil Wayne. 10/10
Creo que este es por lejos el mejor álbum de The Weeknd, gracias a After Hours, este album se vuelve más increible con el concepto de historias que the weeknd cuenta en cada álbum, el concepto tipo radio es muy inteligente y llamativo, permitiendo que el oyente se sumerja tranquilamente en esta historia sobre la vida y la muerte. Uno de los mejores álbumes de 2022
A Crazy opening song followed by even better songs, can't wait for his next album to see if he continues the story and transitions of Dawn FM
Attention to detail was spot on. The whole album had unexpectedly an FM vibe to it which is great and shows his devotion and dedication to his craft. Great artist!
The Weeknd is so original and stays entirely true to his concept.Dawn FM isnt just a musical treat, it's also so well plotted. He just made us sit through a wholesome radio showTake a bow Abel Tesfaye, take a **** bow... ❤️
Conseguiu superar o After Hours!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amazing album honestly. Different than everything I've heard before, in a very good way. Every song complements each other. Tyler and Wayne's features both very solid. Going to take this one with me every day
i’ve been a fan of abel for 7 seven years and i‘m amazed how he just never diappoints, the synths, the vocals the lyrics …he outdid himself again!
Dawn FM introduces us to a whole new approach of producing a music album. The sonic experience is unic, from the first track till the last one. The Weeknd guides us through a new pathway in his discography and his alter ego evolution , combining 80’s inspired synth beats with his iconic R&B style . In collaboration with Tyler, The Creator, Lil Wayne , Swedish House Mafia and other notorious celebrities, Abel’s artwork puts in perspective his way out of darkness of After Hours , embracing the fate of unshared love and the hope to find happiness again.
Been 13 hours since this album released, couldn't sleep the entire night listening to this! Still awake and listening to it!! He did it!! TURN SHUFFLE MODE OFF
Definitely an amazing album by The Weeknd. A full 50 minute experience that makes you feel like you're in a transition to heaven while you're hearing the radio in the 80s.
Dawn FM is a perfectly executed experiment. The vast majority of the album is something near Electronic-Hyperpop. It's a completely ethereal experience. Who needs a stairway to heaven, this record will have you flying there...
After listening to this album multiple times i can safe to say that the album have grown a lot. At first i didn't dig it that much but the same happened with After hours. Recommend everyone that thinks the album is bad, to try and listen to it again and eventually you will love it aswell
Espectacular álbum, sonidos tan pegajosos y una lírica espectacular, alcanza las expectativas y la narración hace que se sienta como un álbum bien organizado, sin duda un excelente trabajo.
Simplesmente todo o conjunto de The Dawn prende o ouvinte do início ao fim, incluindo com as narrações e histórias que são contadas, simplesmente uma harmonia praticamente perfeita para um álbum de estúdio. Utilizando de transições harmônicas as quase 1h de música passam que você nem percebe, a sensação de flutuar na própria mente é a que mais fica evidente durante a jornada desse álbum. Simplesmente a melhor obra de The Weeknd na carreira toda, quando era quase inimaginável acontecer uma evolução, Abel vai lá e nos presenteia com isso. Absurdamente perfeito, note 100
Absolutely loved the album, my favorite song had to be Less than zero. The way the song was uplifting and it was apart from the entire album. The whole album was amazing, went from this dark beginning as an introduction and then later became uplifting and upbeat for the rest of the album.
This album is perfect for the way it makes you enter a completely isolated universe. Really like the idea of the radio show and found Jim as a great addition. The Weeknd keeps getting better as he grows and I’m all here for it!
This review contains spoilers, click expand to view.
21st century MJ . Amazing album his voice is so angelic and the concept of it all was unbelievably good
This album is amaziiiiiiiiiing!!!!!
This album is the aftermath of After Hours. The whole team has made Abel's vision come to life, and created a sound that fits this created universe. It's a completely different sound, but it does the story justice. His vocals are 10/10 on this album, and the production and melodies are 10/10 as well. Can't wait to see what's next for us!
As always, exceeding our expectations. The lyrical mix and sound of the songs are incredible, the songs make us feel things that the weeknd has been doing often with their albums
Excellent album, an upgrade from the already impression After Hours. Don't sleep on it.
Excellent work. Abel created an amazing experience for the listener. This is by far some of his best work and I can’t wait to see him grow and flourish in the upcoming years.
One of the best compositions any artist has created, simply the most melodic 51 minutes anyone could experience
This felt like an experience, not an album. It wasn’t music, I felt like I was in a musical experience or an escape room idc it felt so powerful. The 70s radio musical concept was brilliant and got me in the vibe with ease. Each song was INCREDIBLE and I had so much fun. Perfect lyrics, perfect production, perfect concept, perfect era, perfect vocals. A full 10/10.
the flow and transitions between tracks are just chefs kiss. The production is as good or even better than after hours. a radio experience with having Jim Carrey as a host is like icing on the top. the way this album takes you on an adventure of after life is what it makes superior.
Damn this album is incredible, I didn't expect that !!! TheWeeknd did a really good job !!
Great Album, he did it again
Perfeito e Impecável novamente The Weeknd chegou num nívelDivino nesse disco
One of the best pop albums in our time. Every track is a bopper that flows beautifully in every transition; it feels like a whole song and by the end of the album, it kept me wanting more. Dawn FM is a solid album and the interjections weaved in captivates you as you feel like you’re listening to a legitimate radio station (Jim Carey’s voice fits perfectly and even the radio commercial?! Why hasn’t anyone thought of this idea?) Abel’s musical ingenuity and creativity allows him to produce new and different sounds every album and Dawn FM is no exception. In fact, he brings the 80s back following the sounds of Blinding Lights - his best track to date. It wouldn’t be a surprise if his next biggest hit comes from this album. This man’s voice could literally be born in any era and still sound relevant and perfect. What a masterpiece.
Album was so beautiful I won’t lie I want a deluxe album, but it’s amazing and the live event on Amazon was great also . Just feels like you are dreaming when you hear out of time .❤️
Just an amazing experience! The Weeknd is becoming the new Michael Jackson. Enjoy the ride.
in one word, simply mesmerizing, Abel's ability to create a cinematic universe through his music is nonparallel, no other singer could ever achieve this, he makes music seem like a movie, his dystopian retro themes are flawless and he has already become a legend.
The Weeknd has renewed his career high.He perfectly reinterpreted the legacy of 80s. Absolutely amazing album!
10/10 album. Every song flows together and the whole project just has this amazing and beautiful atmosphere. Also very interesting story line being told. His stuck in a loop where he wont go to heaven unless he lets go of all his regrets regarding past mistakes. The songs throughout the album represent these mistakes and his reflection on them. Evidently by the last song (less than zero) and the fact that the last track loops back to the first song (birds chirping) this means hes incapable of letting go of his regrets, and will be stuck in this purgatory that this album represents forever.
such a good album !!! he's music keeps getting better every time, he's really a legend in the making.this album made me a big fan of him.
I've listened to it about 100 times now and wanna listen to it 100 times more.
It seems like The Weeknd makes the music he really wants to do and really cares about the concept, and what songs give to the listener. This album is just as good as his other albums. In fact, I think (if this is not the hype because it's the most recent) this album is his best album.
love this album, best of the 2022. without any regrets i can confirm this has a lot of potential for well taste listeners
It really is a masterpiece. It suits for every mood and for every aspect of your day.
This is just outstanding. The theme and concept are just as amazing as they seemed to be. Definitely one of the best album I've ever heard as well as one of the best of it's times. Abel never fails to impress.
The first big album of 2022, it's a deep trip through time and space. Hearing by headphones for the first time made me tremble, for a long time I didn't get connected to a realease album so fast as it happened with Dawn FM. The lyrics, the production doing references to 80s mixed with contemporary elements make this album one of the one's that it'll be able to be elected as an aoty.
This album is very good and pleasing to listen to. I love the concept and it is sonically next level. Not better than After Hours in my opinion.
The sound, the transition and the voice all coming together to make one masterpiece. After hours was great but this is even batter. This is surely The Weeknd best work yet.
This album is very good and pleasing to listen to. I love the concept and it is sonically next level. Not better than After Hours in my opinion.
The Weeknd acaba de lançar o melhor álbum pop dos últimos tempos, simplesmente perfeito!
Great vocal performances, stellar production and amazing cohesive work of art
The Weeknd takes his audience to his 'transition to death' themed album with its stellar and mesmerizing vocalizing and production.
An instant classic as it remains in history as one of the best pop albums of all time. It has every thing an album needs.
First of all, big fan of The Weeknd, been listening since 2008 when individual albums from Trilogy were released.Was really excited for this album, but listening through the whole 16 songs I personally only liked 2 songs, 3 at best. Artistic and production value as a whole is great, especially the retro touch and electro beats are very refined. If you were looking for previous dark melancholy vibes from previous albums, you won’t find it on this one.The previous album’s retro vibes were a cool experimentation, but they were average in my opinion, only the hit song like Blinding Lights got the vibes right. Dawn FM took the whole album to the retro/dance level.Don’t get me wrong, artistic expression is everything, and this album is definitely not bad. It just wasn’t what I was expecting, I was expecting the tone to be sort of like Moth to a Flame, or a mix between After Hours and My Dear Melancholy.But as you guys know, The Weeknd’s songs takes a few listen to fall in love with, and after the fall (pun intended), you get hooked onto it.I hope I am wrong with this album, but these are just my personal opinion and taste.Hope you guys like the album though!
Incrível, the weeknd não erra nunca!!!! As transições músicas estão ótimas, com músicas bem mais dançantes mas sem perder a sua essência.
its very good album , its different if u say its not good idk u have mental problems.
This album grows on you. At first I was like ehhh. Within a day I couldn’t get it out of my head. I kept going back and back discovering new sounds and feelings it gave me. The album is a whole vibe. Brilliant
What a disappointment after the incredibly impactful “After Hours.” The album, outside of 2-3 tracks, is just boring. Songs all sound the same and never reach any kind of peak. There is no real vibe or emotion to feel when listening to these tracks. It’s not party enough to be a feel good fun album. Not emotional enough to make you reflect. It just kind of is there. A weak, monotonous effort overall. Just add the small handful of songs you like to your library and dump the rest because it’s mostly filler.
Not bad, but not like his previous effort. Seems a little rushed, and, on first listen, only two songs remained in my head. Things could change during the next listenings; meanwhile, this could be, for me, the most underwhelming The Weeknd release in years.
Nice opening, but kinda plain.Don't get me wrong I love the weeknd and the album, sounds polished but just not at the same level than the previous album.Not disappointed, but not surprised either.
It´s a really interesting experience. While the concept of a radio station as an album isn´t new, this project manages to deliver a fresh new look at common Weeknd themes (sex, drugs, relationships) and also incorporates the same 80s formula from his previous record, but this time is way more refined, and shows a clearer path to his vision. A really nice experience from start to finish.
Cold, empty and stark come to mind when you see the coverart for the Weeknd's After Hours companion piece. An aesthetic ride through a city pop bliss is curated by Jim Carey's benevolent narration, which drives the concept of life after death,of moving on. Dawn Fm is a dense nostalgic trip that evokes the 80's revival he's pioneered with more focus than the poppier After Hours. Coming so early in the year makes the album feel like a therapeutic new years resolution, preparation for the 3rd year under an unprecedented pandemic. Synths play a ominous role throughout lining songs with hope or dread in equal measure such as the "sacrifice " or "every angel is terrifying " respectively. Dawn fm isn't perfect and i don't think it tries to be but it's length can leave room for boredom where some songs either feel too long (i heard you married or Gasoline ) or unnecessary (best friends) which is an expected result in most heavy handed concept albums. There's something reminiscent to Janelle Monae ArchAndroid series and anachronisms of 80's Micheal Jackson, some song's feeling like fresh takes on Thrillers iconic sound. Oneohtrix Point Never production is stellar and on par with Daft Punk's skill ,it pushes the boundaries of the weeknd's sound whilst referencing his own masterpiece "Garden of Delete ",allowing for so much to discover and appreciate from the album. In short it's not a bad or disappointing record, it's experimental pop that sounds like the future and the past but despite it's quality production I found it's lyrics (apart from Jim Carey's existential narrations) a bit generic and dull which reduced but did not harm my listening experience. Many more listens will invite more concise thoughts but at this moment after 5 listens i feel it's pretty ok and no way near stunning as the concept it attempts to encapsulate.
I’ve always loved The Weeknd’s music and artistry, so when it comes to Dawn Fm I wasn’t disappointed by the concept, But when it comes to execution, Abel’s failed. Sonically speaking, the album is somehow boring, especially because of the choice to use the same drum kit in most of the songs, in which makes them all sound repetitive and the same. They’re not all bad songs! A few of them such as Less than zero, Is there someone else? And Out of time are some (if not) the best tracks on the album. Also, I must say that even with most of the tracks having a length of about 3 minutes, the songs never achieve a peak, they are not as smooth as most of the tracks on after hours, they aren’t catchy, they aren’t very dynamic either. I know that these aren’t the only factor to take in consideration in order to say that a song is good, but for an album called “Dawn (FM)” I would expect a project very radio friendly - with some bangers that would do really well on the radio. I still respect the effort he put into doing something reminiscent, but at the some time modern, but I must admit that “DAWN FM” is one of his weakest albums.
I was disappointed w all the tracks sounding alike w the same electronic beat. After a few songs in, it lost my attention. His last album is still superior
Dawn FM is flat, the songs all sound the same, Abel sings in the same key the whole time. Maybe it’ll grow on me but it’s kind of boring.I’m gunna get trashed for this opinion but i’m not really into this album. It’s got a couple good songs but nothing really blew me away. Most of the songs have that same 80s rhythm that gets real repetitive and bland
I am beyond confused by all of these great ratings. I think this is The Weeknd’s worst and most generic sounding album of his career. Only one or two songs stick out. Very, very underwhelming.
Pra mim The weekend está desde o After Hours lançando o mesmo álbum, mesmos singles… As música do novo álbum estão todas soando igual, a mesma imagem, ele não preocupou em se reinventar, pegou os descartes do álbum passado e resolveu lançar mais um álbum de estúdio, de qualquer forma, qualquer jeito!
the radio theme was creative. But no repeat listening no stand out tracks for me it got boring
I love The Weeknd but this album just isn’t it. I can’t think of a single track on this record that wouldn’t sound completely out of place on the radio. Once again, I am a huge fan, but it disappoints me that an album can receive so much hype despite the subject matter just because of the name that is attached. I presume the hype will die rather quickly though as there are no standout tracks or moments even on the album. Out of Time is the closest thing.The entire album feels like one run-on song consisting of boring arpeggios accompanied by ineffective soft pads that lazily repeat a pattern. I felt like I was listening to Abel sing over funky elevator music for most of the listen. The beats lack the variety and punch that we have grown accustomed to with The Weeknd. I understand it’s necessary to mix things up sometimes, but this album just drones on and never makes any statements musically, and just when you think it may, some stupid radio static and voice line interrupts.Lyrically the songs feel generic. Even my favorite, Out of Time, states things in such a literal way that it feels corny at times. The entire thing is a beckon to get Bella back again, but it feels like he ran out of things to say to her after After Hours. The radio concept made no sense whatsoever and didn’t even add to the efficacy of the music. I feel like someone decided it would be cool to have a radio themed album, so they just did it with no actual vision of how it would further express the album’s message. Altogether I just felt robbed of almost everything I expect from The Weeknd. The vocals were talented and clean as usual, I mean come on, it’s Abel. But the leads that grab your attention, the melodies that get stuck in your head, the mind-bending transitions, the cryptic lyricism that leaves a little room for interpretation; those are all missing from this album. Listen to Faith, that song alone contains more complexity and raw soul than the entirety of Dawn FM. I suppose eventually Abel had to release a *miss* album. He’s been killing it since Trilogy, but I really don’t see this album making waves where it truly counts: the listeners. Idk give it a month or two until the album is basically forgotten and people start anticipating the next.One positive is that the sexy R&B vibe actually really excited me at the beginning, but then it never really toon it anywhere. But after the initial excitement, the whole album is just a bunch of syncopated noise with very little variety.
Interesting concept.Just good songs.Less than zero: the best song of the album, a tribute to Future Islands’ sound.
I've been a fan of The Weeknd since his burst into the music industry with Beauty Behind The Madness. Every single era of his has been a landmark and reinvention for his image, which is what keeps him so interesting. His voice and dark lyricism are the focal point of his hype, and this album let me down tremendously.From the start of this era, I feared that he wouldn't be able to match up the success of Blinding Lights, and that image became a reality when he tried to replicate that success. The album fails to capture The Weeknd's talents and his vocals do not suit this particular synthwave production. The entire project feels one note, and it has a similar electronic production throughout the entire album. The lyricism is not up to par with his previous efforts, and it is one of his weakest records to date. It's trying to make an alternative reality or this "story" to happen, that isn't really there. There is a lack of emotion from his voice, and as a long-time XO fan, this record deeply broke my heart that it did not live up to the expectations that I know The Weeknd possesses.It was generally underwhelming, boring (at times rushed), and some songs felt unfinished. At this point, he needs to take a break, switch up the music, or else he'll start to become repetitive with his sound. The only song I thoroughly enjoyed was "Out of Time", as it highlights everything that makes The Weeknd so fascinating to listen to, and its a contrast to the rest of the upbeat songs. Not a poorly produced album, but it's mediocre to the standards he has set throughout his career.This review is my opinion so I sincerely hope its taken respectfully to consideration since it shouldn't take away from anyone's experience.
I think he can do better than that, the best thing in this album is the transition and the song “ take my breath “ the rest are expected and similar to his previous album “ after hours “ , he just copy the 80s sound and just stuck in this sound, if you want to make music don’t repeat the past and do something different than the others , be unique
Acting a bit like After Hours' little and more experimental sister, Dawn FM features a breathtaking production and an absolute stellar concept, driving down the highway around 4 am off to the soundtrack of random radio stations … but, most parts are total road-kill. Precisely, the entire first half of Dawn FM, and others. Thankfully, from Out of Time to the exquisite Starry Eyes, we are served with excellence that saves the face of Dawn FM, a rather hit or miss station.
The Weeknd has matured, and Dawn FM is his masterpiece, something of tremendous quality, where it makes us wonder if if we lived through the years now, these would be the most played songs of the moment.
Priemerný album priemerného interpreta. Texty ešte ujdú, ale po hudobnej stránke je to šedý priemer.
On Dawn FM, The Weeknd does what he does best. And it works. It's nicely polished, well produced. But it's more of the same and he's becoming a bit of a one trick pony.
Nothing new here. I can see The Weekend repeat himself over and over. He can do better.
Dawn Fm sounds great.. but it's just more of the same and some songs don't even stand out.The flow is great but at the same time becomes stale and boring. Expected better since his last album was almost perfect.
Amazing! The best Weeknd Album till now. XOTWOD always!!! This is a nightmare for Grammys
It was like hearing Take My Breath in different but similar fonts. Although kept his recurring theme of sex, hookup culture, and commitment issues through lyrics, the audios did not connect with the lyrics. The use of pop beats is a good approach from The Weeknd, but the lack of versatility is what made it predictable and hard to keep me entertained.
I'm gonna start this with the fact I'm a fan of 80's synth music, vapourwave music and the weeknd but, this is not good let alone like how people are talking about it. Can you enjoy it? Yes but the ideas it display aren't done well especially in the lyrics, the production makes it not uncommon to think that your music is on shuffle or loop and there's albums much better. With similar ideas (DAMN. By Kendrick Lamar for life and death/reflecting on life and other weeknd albums for the other concepts [drugs, love, sex, etc...] for example) and production (anything by whitewoods, IGOR by Tyler, the creator some songs off swimming by Mac Miller)
Siento que se está sobrevalorando demasiado este album. Le daría menor puntuación …
This **** is so boring its the weeknd but with less energy it’s just so disappointing to see the man who carried 2020
The music doesn't speak to me and the topics are quite trite. I wish this wouldn't be promoted as much.
the experience listening to this album is perfect, the weeknd is such a brilliant artist, but gasoline is a terible song
Make better music + sound same as hisl ast album,overrated artist rn.......
another good album from Weekend, nice beats, lyrics, dark and twisted, but reminds me of Daft Punk stuff
I appreciate what he's trying to do with the concept and I like the interludes. But the songs here just aren't his best. I don't see myself going back to the majority of these tracks. As a whole, it's just alright. But I wish he'd take more risks and switch up his sound a little more. These 80s synths start sounding the same after a while.
This is a good album, if a tiny bit overrated.In many ways, this is his mid-life crisis record. He's in his early thirties and death is on his mind. His priorities seem to have changed from his earlier efforts. He's searching for some sort of future. Throughout the album, the narrator, an ethereal radio host voiced by Jim Carrey, seems to be guiding you towards a purgatorial state. Even the cover drips with morbidity.While After Hours was more thematically cohesive, this album is more sonically cohesive. From a production standpoint, The Weeknd completely nails the aesthetic he was going for. It's pure 80's synth pop that wouldn't sound out of place as a radio station in GTA: Vice City.My only issue, is while the production is excellent across the board, some of the hooks fell flat for me. There's a lot of skips, but it's still technically excellent. Lots of the tracks I didn't care for were other peoples' favoritesWorth a listen, especially for 80's fans
Remember the 1982 movie, Creepshow? Remember all the “fun, scary ‘80s synth music”? Well this is that, but done by The Weeknd.
I do believe he is putting out what the people want and his ability to help us escape is encapsulated on this brilliant capsule that’s only questionable flaw in my opinion is 1-2 songs long but in saying that he made sacrifices here. If you listen very closely there are hidden nods to many artists without saying their name
Sonically pleasant. Thematically cohesive.
El álbum lo sentí repetitivo, lento y cringe el hacerlo como un programa radial, aún así 4 de 10
His best work since Trilogy. Faultless production and great vocals. Every synth/disco beat is done perfectly. If MJ was born later, this is the kind of album he'd be making right now. Less Than Zero, Sacrifice and HDIMYLM are stand out tracks. I predict this as the best album of 2022.
Album magnífico, em cada faixa temos um hit diferente. As referências pop dos anos 80 é a melhor coisa que temos no Dawn FM, Abel iniciou 2022 com chave de ouro.
eclectic, versatile, frenetic, energetic, danceable, modern and sophisticated, all the songs have been synchronized and seamlessly connect to each other, like a modern contemporary symphony
The Weeknd confirmed his hitmaker status. An incredible vibe album. 10/10 Brilliant
Easily my favourite album of the weeknd so far. This is what music is all about. Enjoyed each and every song, great concept.
Original concept that is very consistently pushed through the whole album without feeling forced or distracting from the actual music. Subject matter is very current. It's Abel so we know he can sing, but during the Starboy era, that whole rebrand felt incomplete, but this 80s Abel that started around Heartless. Man is it a sound and clear direction.
The Weeknd só orgulha quem é fã de pop com esses ótimos álbuns que sempre reverenciam as lendas da música como Michael Jackson, Daft Punk e até mesmo Depeche Mode (neste último). Não merece nada que não seja ótimas resenhas.
An absolutely surreal musical experience which gets better and better with every listen.
As someone who disliked After Hours, I was scared for this, but The Weeknd did that. A cohesive album that is inspired by retro music. Another amazing project by this amazing artist. I disliked the spoken intros/ outros but I understand that it was supposed to be like a radio program.
Horrible, how is it possible? Boring and repetitive, let's get better boy...
perfeitooooooo eu amei. não tem uma música ruim. esse álbum é uma viagem lindaaa. as transições são perfeitas, inpecáveis. a academia comeu poeira agora.
This is the Weeknd at his absolute best. Every single song is a banger and there is no chill from the vibe. It's nearly an hour long and it feels too short, it's that incredible. This year started off to an incredible start, it's going to be incredibly difficult to top this masterpiece.
An album of absolute bangers. Musically, it's unified by a theme of 80s music, lyrically, by a theme of regrets, of what could've been achieved in a life left behind. Brilliant, touching, concept album
wonderful, amazing, espetacular, a truly show and a beautiful homenage to michael jackson and 80's pop in general
Nostalgic feel of Radio and the voice over of Jim carey with it the whole psychological metaphorical thrill in between and the smooth flow of songs with such calm and slowness literally it makes me feel in other dimention, The synth use is just phenomenal,each and every break in between and then songs were amazing transition and Love the "Out of time" it was the Best! The whole hour long radio make me feel it should be definately include in the Gta 6 radio its the Greatest thing from Weeknd! Its A Masterpiece!
Сильный альбом, несколько филлеров, как по мне, особенно в конце.
Though never anything less than impressive from a purely technical standpoint thanks to slick production and impeccable vocal performances, "Dawn FM" unfortunately only occasionally succeeds at building upon rather than merely imitating the '80s funk and new wave sounds that inspired it and can't help feeling at least a little soulless because of it, rendering the album an overall enjoyable but ultimately inessential listening experience.Choice Cuts: "Take My Breath," "Sacrifice," "Out of Time"
Once again the best artist of our generation delivers one of his best albums up to date. The Dawn is finally here and it’s **** awesome!! XOTWOD. (I still prefer After Hours since it’s darker than this one)
Master piece taking tons of inspiration from Daft Punk's album Random Access Memories.
A really good album! I personally prefer it over After Hours! Overall, a fun and unique listen!
Perfect.......................................................................
I take my hat off to say that this album is the best or one of the best The Weeknd albums to date. The song "Dawn Fm" gives us a fantastic start, motivating us to listen to this album until the end. This eighties theme fits perfectly making it better. My favorite songs are: "How Do I Make You Love Me?", "Gasoline", "Less Than Zero", "Is There Someone Else?" and "Take My Breath"
The album is very impressive and wonderfully nostalgic! This is the first radio-inspired album I've ever heard, the concept is absolutely unique. This is the first best album of 2022.
This album is so amazing that you keep listening and keep fall in love with (as always),but it different sound for him and for me to.The production,the voice, hope full lyrics just wow.XOTWOD
'80s New Wave meets early Quincy Jones meets 2011-era synthpop in a masterclass of modern pop music. What The Weeknd brings to Dawn FM is a singular vision that oozes the sort of confidence only a megastar at the height of his powers could really bring. Strange and smooth and so incredibly fun to listen to. And what more could you ask for in a record like this?
The Weeknd stuns the world yet again and this time in a brilliant fashion. Dawn FM is only here to grow more and more on you. This might just turn out as his best work in a long run.
Great album. Cohesive and the production was incredible. Album of the year!
DAWN FM by The Weeknd catches the essence of a listener and that is rare of albums nowadays and it feels like you're in this telepathic world that Abel has created to enjoy with and the sound that makes you dance at anytime
Eu confesso que fiquei com medo antes de The W. lançar esse álbum, mas ele me surpreendeu bastante. Apesar de ter repetido a fórmula do After Hours de ser um disco esteticamente oitentista, ele consegue sair muito superior ao irmão mais velho, porque todas as suas músicas são interessantes. Dawn FM tem quase 52 minutos, mas ele não é cansativo, é muito de se ouvir, minhas músicas favoritas são: Take My Breath, Sacrifice, Out Of Time, Best Friends e Less Than Zero.
The album is great. It may not change the face of music - I don't feel hear any massive hit in it - but it doesn't take itself seriously neither. The album is easy to listen, very coherent and polished. The transition are very funny and the sound's post production is mind blowing. It feels like playing GTA Vice City and listening to the radio. The entire album sounds is retro wave and the vocals are brilliant. I keep listening on repeat. A great album to get a good vibe.
This album really gets better every time you listen to it, Especially when with After Hours proceeding it. The album is basically a giant 50 minute song. about limbo between heaven, hell, and living. Abel said this part 2 in a new Trilogy of albums. just like House of Balloons, Thursday & Echoes of Silence
Una obra maestra, que te hace sentir eufórico en cada canción, contrario a su predecesor que también tenía un ritmo ochentero pero más oscuro, en este se puede sentir un poco más alegre, que es lo que el mundo necesita actualmente.
Wonderful storytelling and amazing production this album on a whole another level there may not be significant hits like blinding lights but as a whole this album tells you a story and does it so good.I don't even mention Abel's vocals.By the way no one can make a song like blinding lights again even Abel himself
To be honest, there are some not-so-good tracks on this album but the entire experience of listening from start to finish is indeed rewarding and breathtaking.I loved Take My Breath and Out of Time. These songs will create history for sure.Few tracks such as Every Angel is Terrifying, Starry Eyes could have been replaced by Moth To A Flame, One Right now and the other song which he did with Calvin Harris.The songs which are good are gold and that's what makes this album enjoyable.
Production 9/10Lyrics 7/10Album theme 9/10 (could've be 10 if the album cover wasn't this)
It's a good album with an exclusive narrative, but it's not memorable. The Weeknd is not an album artist, but he did some efforts on this one, unfortunately, it wasn't the best, yet.Also, the single are not as strong as the singles of the last album.
AOTY within the first week of 2020. I loved the album it delivered and the livestream was a whole experience. His sound is unlike anyone else and the things he does like the “please” in Dont Break My Heart are pleasing to the ear. I think Jim Carey was the best addition, Tyler did fine but Lil Wayne wasn’t my favorite.
Masterpiece!!! The concept, The storytelling, The transitions, MJ vibes…Abel Tesfaye is a Genius!!!
This album is one of his best yet, definitely up there with After Hours. It feels like a sequel to the album we once knew and loved. A 80’s disco pop twist with complex vocals and instrumentals. It got me hooked right at the intro, each song had a distinct sound and different meaning. My favorites are Sacrifice, How Do I Make You Love Me, Out Of Time, and Less Than Zero.
I love you Abel ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
THIS ALBUM IS ART AND SO F**KING GOOD ABEL IS AN ICON AND A STAR OF OUR GENERATION LONG LIVE KING XOTWOD
A través de una gran catarsis (comenzada en After Hours)The Weeknd nos entrega una de las obras musicales más importantes de los ultimos años,el viaje hecho a partir de una estacion de radio a través del purgatorio nos da a entender que su camino hacia la luz esta más cerca que nunca.Con piezas musicales memorables como Less Than Zero,Sacrifice,Take My Breath,con grandes incorporaciones como el gran Quincy Jones,Jim Carrey como narrador,Tyler The Creator y Lin Wayne,definitivamente este album es el punto más alto en la carrera de Abel,un album perfecto.
Wow, what can I say?, that's a really really great job for The Weeknd, I just finished listen it and it was so mixed with the sound like the 80's just i loved it.
Once more The Weeknd surprises us with an amazing album, full if 80s vibes and Michael Jackson influence. A masterpiece!
Vida longa ao Rei do Outono!Abel avança décadas em sua sonoridade, assim como aparecendo longevo na capa de seu sexto álbum, no qual te deixa dosado de synthwave pop e techno dos dourados anos '80.Uma obra prima! R&B cada vez mais neopop...
Much better than After Hours, he goes deeper into this synth pop sound and sounds even better. He is stuck in the same narratives still but the production is really next level
Creative album. I love the concept of the radio thing. The album is well-produced but the songs sounded the same which made me lose a bit in the end. This is not my favorite The Weeknd album.
It's extraordinary how Abel made me feel a lot of feelings with this album. It's amazing, the vibe, the songwriting, the beats, the lyrics, the concept. I can only praise. 1000
HE DID ITAGAIN.Abel is just so legendary and always overcomes his own person and albums I kinda don't get shocked anymore but DAMN, this man is so criminal for doing such an amazing and genius artworkThe radio thing is so clever, the commercials, the narrator. Just in love
Dawn FM is The Weeknd’s best album yet improving on it’s predecessor After Hours with a incredible moral direction and lighter tone. Music shall never forget The Weeknd.Favorite Songs: Less Than Zero, Out Of Time, Sacrifice & Take My Breath
perfect[ adjective, noun pur-fikt; verb per-fekt ]adjectiveconforming absolutely to the description or definition of an ideal type:a perfect sphere;a perfect gentleman.
Masterpice. One of the best albums of all time. Abel Tesfaye shows us that he is the greatest and most powerful singer and performer in music today.
On my 3rd listen and I honestly believe this is even better than after hours. Love the concept and the execution in equal measure. No skips. And the outro Jim Carrey poem is my favourite thing ever.
me avisaram que teria muita vibe kissland mas nao vi tanto kissland la nao kskkdkdk mas mt bao abel serviu conceito qualidade vocais tudo valeuuu bjs amor ate a prox
Perfect, it sounds really amazing, there are a lot of memories in this álbum, the producción and vocals are perfect, the weeknd is doing everythingwell
It's a mid album. Repetitive. Half of the songs are short. His least favourite album. Feel like rushed
um dos maiores álbuns de TODOS OS TEMPOS, com grandes nomes na produção e nas colaborações. as músicas são muito elegantes, lembrando os clássicos pop dos anos 90. (queria dar um destaque para as transições incríveis desse álbum, que faz ele ficar melhor ainda.)
The album starts with a titular intro track with an ambient and electropop instrumentation reminiscent of C418 Minecraft score and vocorecorded vocals. The next track, "Gasoline", starts on kind of similar note, but later turns into something more The Weeknd- or even Mr.Kitty-esque, especially with this drum machine work and altered vocals. This track is okay, but sounds a little streached-out even though it is 3:30 minutes long, and it features some cool production touches at the end. "How Do I Make You Love Me?" is less alternative, featuring more "natural" vocals and really dope transitions! At the end we are jumping to GTA V music, not Minecraft, and a cool sugue into "Take My Breath"! A song with a beautiful synth melody taken straight from the 80's! It is sucha cool track with a gorgeous vocal delivery and the album version is even more impress than earlier released version of it, with a really dope intro! "Sacrifise" sounds like a turn backwards after "Take My Breath", it's really similar to its predecessor, however those "my-ah"'s are really cool, but at the great scale of things it is just another the Weeknd song. But still pretty okay."A Tale by Quincy" sounds like a fusion of "Leave the Door Open" and "Dick in a Box" musically to me. Cool that the Weeknd brought sucha legendary producer to his album to just tell a story - cute! "Out of Time" sounds like a little bit stripped-down and jazzier version of "I Feel it Coming" he did with Daft Punk for Starboy. "Here We Go...Again" takes us even earlier than the previous songs, even though it has synths but its instrumentation will be a good suit even in 60's! To be honest this whole song sounds "suiting" for me, everything fits here so well, but it is kinda retread of Silk Sonic. "Best Friends" is groovy but besides that it really feels like an album filler. However it contains a cool transition into the next track - "Is There Something Else?" - which starts with a high-pitched vocals reminiscent of 00's dance scene. Even though it is another song I would call "groovy", I would not reffer to it as an album filler because it has a really interesting texture. It also sugues into the following track - wow! Did not notice it even, so clean and smooth! Maybe this is this way, hence "Starry Eyes" is some kind of retread of the preceeding song."Every Angel is Terrifying" gets us back to the first third of the album, more inspired by the music of the video games and Mr.Kitty. It also sugues well into "Don't Break My Heart" which is more reserved than the rest of the album, more sweet. "I Heard You're Married" is an okay track, another album filler if you will. Lil Wayne's verse is passable at best. In "Less Than Zero" we can finally hear some guitar strings and light-heartness! The final track serves as an outro, and like every other spoken track, this one takes some stylistic inspirations from Latin music.In conclusion, the three-act Dawn FM is a really good concept album, well developed, but like some songs could be simply cut or some parts of others. Not every song is like "Take My Breath" and can stay great on every 5 minutes of it.
The selection of collaborators within this album by The Weeknd, including Jim Carrey, Lil Wayne and Tyler, The Creator, is completely impeccable, including, of course, the instrumentation, vocal and the mixture of the whole project is impeccable. Important to highlight the story told by Abrl throughout the songs and videos, which flow flawlessly.
Not his best work, but it was okay. After Hours was phenomenal; it was a banger. Dawn FM just feels like it's lacking something, like I've heard it before. Honestly, it gives me Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' vibes. Most of the songs sound the same. I'm going to give it a second listen, but I don't know if I'll come to love it as I did After Hours.
Good sound, good instrumentals, appropiate lenght. Very recommended album. The songs indivitually don't stand out as much as the ones from After hours or Starboy, but they work well together and the transitions from one song to another are very smooth. It's a good listen. Nothing mind blowing
OPN and abel really made experimental pop on this albumI really loved the introduction of Jim Carrey
Stellar production, great cohesive album. Tyler song is probably the worst, it was just a bad fit. All the other songs are great.
The first listen felt mid, but listening to it after a couple of times, soaking in the tracks individually, the album feels much more evolved compared to After Hours. Easily the best album of 2022 so far, I enjoyed the album immensely. Abel uses the proper drum machines of the time, utilizing the LinnDrum (popularized by 80s pop, and used to its max creative potential by Prince), and giving us a modern Off The Wall sound.
Felt like an 80's dystopian sci-fi mystery thriller movie. The radio elements are honestly my favourite from this album. Jim Carrey did his thing, his choice of words was beautiful and freaky. The commercial in "Every angel is terrifying" was a nice touch, loved it. The production is amazing, unsurprisingly, I mean it's The Weeknd album, the production, mixing, and the vocals will be on point, as always. Not really crazy about the features, felt like it was unnecessary to be honest. I hope this will be the last 80's synth inspired dance pop album form The Weeknd, I think he can do a different style in his next chapter, something very new and refreshing. I know he will find a way to it, he's always the standard in pop music. Overall, Dawn FM is a brilliant radio themed album, with great cryptic story. From the start to the end, it was a mesmerizing journey.
Quite a surprise, Dawn FM by The Weeknd is wonderful and possibly one of the best albums of 2022
Amazing album, the concept made it 10x better with the great synths throughout the album. Definitely a must listen
A cohesive sonic masterpiece. This is Abel at his peak. All you male artists need to step it up because The Weeknd is solidifying himself as this generation’s king of pop.
Dawn FM is a kind of record that can bridge a spectrum of darkness and light in a portal of obscure yet exciting dimension. An R&B infuse with techno-ish 80's vibe, upbeat and futuristic at the same time. The production is stellar and cohesive, shadowing a Michael Jackson's lush production (in a good way). This is a kind of album that grows within you as you listen to it over and over again.
i love it omg , i’ve been expecting this album my favorite song at the moment is starry eyes
The cohesion of this LP is so perfect! Love Jim Carrey's part of this album too. Each tracks were perfectly produced, it wasn't overproduced nor lacking in terms of production.
The Weeknd owns the 80s sound, good concept, dissapointing features and a few filler songs tho.best tracks: Take My Breath and Less Than Zeroworst track: I Heard You're Married ft. Lil Waynerating: 7.4
One of the weeknd's best projects... Absolutely fantastic listen, it feels like a movie
The Weeknd delivers a sonically and lyrically cohesive 80s pop album that encapsulates everything that makes the sound work. The Weeknd has delivered once again with bangers like Gasoline, Sacrifice, Is there someone else, and i heard your married accompanied by slower pop songs like out of time, starry eyes, and less than zero. And the Jim Carrey's chilling intro that feels so well put and thought out over all This is easily one of his best works and his 3rd best album behind After Hours and Kissland( i dont count trilogy as an album) 10/10
Estas muerto. Aún no se decide si vas a ir al paraíso o al inframundo. Sentado en la oscuridad del purgatorio, hay una emiosra de radio FM. Esta emisora emite música electrónica, con un intrumental muy similar a la música de los 80s, y una voz de locutor que intenta mantenerte calmo a la expectativa de qué ocurrirá al final.Esta es la premisa de DOWN FM. Un álbum muy conceptual donde The Weeknd propone un contexto ficticio muy original para el álbum.La música es muy ELECTRO y la voz (autotuneada) de The Weeknd encaja correctamente con el ritmo, las notas y el tempo.Lo más valorable es que, para mantener la premisa hasta el final y que no olvides que estás en el purgatorio escuchando esta emisora, aparecen anuncios (como una pulp fiction llamada "After Life") e incluso hay voces y relatos de personas, como A Tale By Quincy, sobre un hombre que sufrió maltrato de una madre abusiva cuando pequeño y fue luego llevada a un psiquiatrico. Eventos traumáticos luego, hicieron que desarrollara un rechazo hacia las mujeres.El track final es esa voz que anuncia tu sentencia final, luego de haber disfrutado la música.The Weeknd nos lleva a un mundo aparte con DOWN FM. La música es muy pegadiza y se disfruta mucho.
i was so scared to listen to this album because the hype was huge and also after hours is a masterpiece, but THIS ALBUM IS PURE FIRE.
Abel's newest album takes everything I loved about After Hours and improved it with sounds that I enjoy more. The 80s take on the album with some electronic and trance influences is absolutely amazing and I loved it very much. I do think that in the middle it kind of losses you for a second, but that may change on further listens. Absolutely great record and I recommend it very much.
Open your mind relax and then go have listen … I don’t need to convince you to like it .
An absolute beauty. Abel has experimented with 80s sound in After Hours, and has mastered it in Dawn FM. Album of the year.
Addicted to this for 3 months, that's how good the album is. Almost every single song in this album is my fav, i could call it a masterpiece for this generation.
His album cures my heart and ears..! Out of time and less than zero is legendary. I love its concept and level of completion. It will be my favorite album of weekndHis voice, his lyrics is totally amazing. And some skits and narrations was good. I hope you guys to listen to DAWN FM and enjoy it. Thanks weeknd
The Weeknd presents: Dawn FM; a depiction of his journey through judgement day and the purging of his sins. This 80s inspired, synth-enriched, Michael Jackson-esque radio concept album provides a different sound to its predecessor After Hours, offering easier listening to a wider audience.The opening track Dawn FM offers a calming, angelic introduction for the masterpiece to come, supported by Jim Carrey's soothing narration. Sacrifice was an instant classic for me, and the stand-out song of the album so far. Fuelled by a catchy guitar riff reminiscent of Michael Jackson's "Wanna be Startin' Somethin'," Sacrifice shows an opposite demeanour to the character in The Weeknd's previous album "After Hours."Paired with the talents of OPN, Quincy Jones, Max Martin & others, Dawn FM provides a well-polished repentance journey, courtesy of The Weeknd's exceptional vocal talent and production skill. No doubt this remarkable album improves his already impressive discography, banding OG XO fans and newer listeners together for an incredible musical story.
Dawn FM is hands down of the best pop albums of this generation. The concept, the transitions, the songs....everything was sooo perfect.
Um álbum sólido e com músicas pop oitentistas que combinam muito bem com a voz do Abel, a ideia da rádio é criativa e acredito que a voz do Jim Carrey fez a experiência ser ainda mais interessante. Não acho que o álbum tenha conseguido superar o anterior (After Hours), ele não trás muita inovação se comparado com aquilo que já nos foi apresentado nos trabalhos anteriores do Abel também. Não fiquei muito animado com as participações , não acho que Lil Wayne acrescentou muito coisa no universo de Dawn FM e não acho que ele tenha sido a melhor escolha pra cantar com Abel, tendo em vista de que ele não canta muito bem. Pontos altos do álbum pra mim: Gasoline, Sacrifice (parece um thriller pt.2), best friends/is there someone else?. Pontos baixos: I heard you're married; embora tenha gostado da voz do The Weeknd nessa, não curti muito a letra e a participação do Lil Wayne
The sounds are deep and mature, you can't find an album like that so easy, without a doubt a great job by the weeknd
pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles pickles album 10/10
the bestttt album of this year already , so good and enjoyable , you all should try it
Dawn FM delivers exquisite transitions, an amazing and sophisticated production with the keyboard beckings and feelts taking us to the nightclubs of the 80s; what a work! Sounds really fancy.Tip: listen by phone.
Album of the year. I loved this album so much. The project as a whole is so cohesive you EXPERIENCE this music. It’s not like any song really sticks out as THE HIT, but the whole project is just so flawless
Sin duda, uno de sus mejores albumes hasta la fecha, tiene una produccion increible, todas las canciones son una maravilla, sin duda el album del año.
Loving the album. I wasnt expecting much but it blew me away. All tracks are bangers!
This is probably the best listening experience I had with an album. Everything about the listening experience was amazing. The opening track “Gasoline” had jarring vocals that made the track feel experimental and the interludes and little breaks throughout the album gave it a different type of experience. Best first listen of all time.
another masterpiece by the greatest of all time. no one else could’ve made this. abel always out does himself
An unprecedented style of today's music. The Weeknd took us on a journey of different musical eras while still capturing the sorrowful lyrics he is known for. Definitely an album everyone can enjoy!
Es uno de sus mejores álbum, esta top 1 en más de 90 países. Es el mejor artista
I see myself on a highway listening to this album, at times I feel an outrun vibe.
It is the best mixture of 80s music with modern trend. The creative mind of Abel has actually made this album more mysterious. The lyrics of each and every song is deep and meaningful. It actually makes us to cry and to dance at same time. The adrenaline rush can be felt while listening to this album. The production quality, The vocals of Abel, The narration of Jim Carrey, Candy colouref theme, each and everything in this album is marvelous !
Me sinto dentro de um carro viajando direto para os anos 90, é tão psicodélico e sexy. Danço com os sintetizadores, parece que estou escutando músicas do Michael Jackson, QUE INCRÍVEL!!!
Top 3 on The Weeknd's best albums definitely.Abel did a great job here, I loved the radio concept and the sound of each song is so relaxing and enjoyable for anyone who can listen to it.What a life to be XO.
Insano,coeso,imersivo,um dos melhores trabalhos do abel até o presente momento
The new era. A new direction. And definitely a project thats spittin faiyyaa
Not giving This 10/10 out of blue.Music, vocals, lyrics, production, album style like if you’re listening to a radio station on your way to your destination (intensive creativity and ideology) yet one of the most important but thought to be negligible is the transition between songs. Didn’t mention videoclips/movies or series “as i like to call it when it’s from this guy” because they’ll be on the way But i can guarantee that they’ll on the same level or higher of AfterHours era.
I was afraid it won't be as good as after hours, but it might be even better!!! Very nice melodies, good transition, the album continues the story of the weeknd in his journey with love, very nice 80s music, he nailed the radio thing, shifting between different types of music. Great lyrics, great beats, great album but most of all, great artist.
La mejor obra de abel (The weeknd) sin duda será uno de los mejores álbum del 2022 y de su carrera, cabe resaltar la mejor canción de su álbum que para mi es Less than zero... Te amo the weeknd
Com certeza é o álbum mais coeso que ele já fez, nunca decepciona em nada carass
a great 80s pop album that makes us all dance to every song, this album creates a whole new universe of the weeknd, every track is flawless so my score of 10
Hi! I loved the album. I was excited to see your concert but you canceled them.
Great continuation from After Hours. Sonically beautiful and poppy with a darker theme embedded. One of The Weeknd’s best work in my opinion!!!!!!!
One of my favorite albums. It’s super unique and original. The lyrics have a deep purpose and meaning. You easily can connect to some of the songs. You can tell these came from the heart.
This is going to be the best album of the year. The production was insane and the transitions from song to song is amazing
Un album pure et puissant qui vous fais sentir comme si vous étiez en route pour le paradis /A powerful and pure album that make you feel like you're in your way to heaven
He reinvents himself every album and manages to execute it to perfection every album. An artist with the acclaim of The Weeknd could easily reproduce Trilogy or Starboy in various ways and find great success. But this is what separates The Weeknd and marks him a genius. To be able to constantly change up his sound drastically and manage to make an instant classic is quite simply, brilliant.
He’s made 80’s music his own. Abel is so versatile, never conceding to one style of music. That’s why he’s the goat.
Good symphony, good lyrics, a great 80s vibes and of course, Abel's voice, not much to say, great experience that I've had listening to this album
The atmosphere on this album is exactly what Abel wanted. I felt the entire time listening to a radio broadcast as my soul wandered through purgatory. This was unlike anything he has ever done, it's just amazing. And as it has become routine to say: HE DID IT AGAIN.Dawn FM is easily another 10/10 in The Weeknd's catalog and is definitely up for album of the year.
Un álbum líricamente hermoso y muy maduro. Nos encontramos a un Abel que reflexiona todas las cosas buenas y malas por las que ha pasado, pero sin culparse ni autodestruirse como en anteriores trabajos. Las primeras 5 canciones son un acierto brutal para atrapar al oyente. Cuando Jim Carrey narra se siente como si fueras en un velero y te mostrara cada fase de tu propia vida, pasando por canciones con las que fácilmente te puedes identificar, para al final librarte de todas tus culpas, perdonarte a ti mismo y aceptar que haz llegado al cielo.Para mí el mejor trabajo que ha hecho The Weeknd hasta la fecha, no sé cómo lo hace pero tengo miedo que nunca veamos la mejor versión de él, ya que una tras otra supera todas mis expectativas.
Its thrilling , he sounds completely different the best i have ever heard him.The vibes are just real
The essence of the album is phenomenal, it's a great job and I think it's the best to date
Cet album est une vrai réussite du début jusqu'à la fin. J'ai été très agréablement surpris par la totalité des titres, qui sont d'une grande mixité. Encore un projet très réussi pour le jeune canadien. Bravo à lui
OMG, The experience is incredible, the album is a work of art, every song is unforgottable, the best album of 2022.
A very cohesive album that comes with a gripping production. Enjoy it with good headphones!
Such a great Album, is too early for say that it will be the album of the year but wow when you listen to it you enter in another dimension, that vocals and beats are of another dimension
it's been a day since the album is out and I don't have any word to describe it yet but astonishing.
This album is absolute pop perfection by the current best artist on the planet. Enough said.
O álbum como um todo é ótimo, o conceito apresentado é simplesmente genial
Isso que é herança musical! A amarração das músicas está perfeita e o álbum é tão bom que passa rápido e nem vemos
Already album of the year.I lost myself listening to it and then I found myself again listening more.
I had to listen to this album a couple of times and now I can say that it is actually perfect. I love the concept, the videos, songs are great, vocals too.. I think there will be a couple of hits from Dawn FM. I thought that it was too soon because I'm honestly still into After Hours but Dawn FM is actually pretty great. Can't wait to see more videos.
This album is like riding to purgatory in a 1955 Chevy manufactured in 2099. This is what it's like to drive by a beach on a cliff when the sun is setting, in music form. 9.5/10
album perfeito. sem defeitos. ainda é uma experiência nova, mas com toda certeza os fãs amaram,
O álbum está incrível, totalmente inovador e criativo, para além de lembrar muito os anos 70 80 90 e o grande Michael Jackson.Adoro o trabalho do Abel. Álbum Mágico.
He can do anything, it will be a banger, the man knows how to envolve people in his narrative and message.Abel is really ahead from the industry, being so versatile and nostalgic + futuristic, make his work capture the attention from older people to kids.He's a living legend, enjoy.
This album continued the high Q of the weekend.He used a style of synth pop to make this album,It broke the point of view that synth pop is a low music style.As a tempter,the weekend used his sexy voice to catch my heart my body and my mind.And he invited many famous producer such as Max Martin,Calvin Harris、Swedish House Mafia、OPN.And the weekndUse some styles like Synth-pop、Dark-Synth、Disco&House、Future Funk,Which are similar to each other.They made this album perfect.
While experimenting with disco yet futuristic sounds on “Dawn FM,” The Weeknd inserts himself into a sonic realm in which the general public has not heard him in before. The Weeknd maintains maintains a consistent sound for this era marked through a similar instrumental style throughout the tracks on this album, implementing a production consistency similar to that within his previous “After Hours” album. The Weeknd has delivered a flawless project with “Dawn FM,” as the rich production, the effortless transitions between songs, his heavenly vocals, and even his lyrics are top tier. The features do not disappoint as well and effectively compliment each respective track that they are a part of.
I can't stop listening to this album since it dropped. So magnetic, futuristic, yet the synths are so nostalgic too. Well done.
It's related to his previous album and I like the transitions in it. As for my favourite song is "Less Than Zero", the song gives me a special sensation. Thank you The Weeknd.
This album is a masterpiece it's like it will get you dancing in your room . The whole story the concept is fantastic . Abel used his creativity very well. It's giving MJ vibes and 80s pop . The beats synths EDM well shaped and polished . All the producers worked great . This is the album of the year
Artistic growth is the name of the game. Extremely strong, dazzling disco-pop record and will definitely be high on my year-end list.
its not the weeknd , its the decadeAbel is flexible in creating music whenever he comes i know its going to be unique and decentwell done abel , and thank you
"Dawn FM" is one of the best Albums i've heard in the last 20 Years and is Abels Masterpiece out of his last 8 Albums. I love that he worked with OPN , Martin Sandberg, Oscar Holter and Swedish House on this to give it one maintaining sound. It is also the most he has ever experimented with his sound.My favorite tracks are: Out of Time, Best Friends, Sacrifice, Take my Breath.10 out of 10. XO forever :)
Super wavey. He’s the god of Synth-Pop / RnB.Production is on point. Vocals are clean. One of his best works so far!
Very good story… every sound is in this album is done on purpose to produce a feeling and you feel that feeling…
I’m a pretty avid listener of The Weeknd. His music always feels deeply introspective and vulnerable while being wrapped in dark tunes that I really enjoy. The difference in Dawn FM is that Abel supercharges his lyrical self-reflection in not a dark but a bright and uplifting tone. This album feels like the culmination of every piece of music he’s ever written into something truly era-defining. I agree with the critics—this album cements Abel Tesfaye as a musical legend and one of the greatest artists of this generation.
be an xo and you’ll never get disappointed.dawn fm is the weeknd’s highest rated album until now! i’m personally addicted and hallucinated by every song. listening to the album in order is a must of course, the transitions are smooth and pleasing to listen, it changes the entire experience, makes you actually feel like listening to the radio. jim carrey’s participation as the broadcaster fits perfectly and he did his role flawlessly.just relax and enjoy another hour of commercial music on 103.5 dawn fm.
Listening to this album felt like a fresh start and it’s definitely different to the other albums I have listened to. Overall I think it’s a cultural reset and a masterpiece, the whole album just comes together and the pieces fit perfectly. Best album of 2022.
Que álbum perfeito, do inicio ao fim é uma experiência cinematográfica. Não é um After Hours, é melhor!!Se for escutar Dawn Fm, feche os olhos e esqueça o After Hours, pois esse album é bem diferente.
É tão bom que você nem vê o tempo passar... Não consigo parar de ouvir! Obrigado, Abel!
First time I listened to this album I didn’t know what to think, I was very mixed and a lot of the songs didn’t land for me. After listening to the album another 5 to 6 times I can gladly say it has grown on me a lot. I don’t think it’s Abel's best work and it doesn't reach the heights of after hours but I can confidently say it’s a worth while experience and it deserves the hype and love it’s deserving. 7/10
It's not just an album. It's an experience. Highly recommended to everyone who wants to discover fresh music.
abel's music is so timeless & heals my soul ❤️‍
A masterpiece, lyrically and sonically and extension of After Hours’ success
He manages to exceed himself every single time. A masterpiece, you can feel the passion he puts into every detail and how dedicated he is. It’s always a wonderful experience listening to Abel’s work, he is amazing, splendid, a genius. He takes being an artist to a whole other level. I don’t even need to hear anything else to know it’s the album of the year. Just mind blowing.
its a masterpeice by the weeknd who has an influence by the King of pop Michael JacksonBut Abel Just evovles this music in to another level with synths of 80s with gernres of ours decade. The production the features and the concepts is absolute 10/10 and his angelic vocals.This album has the potential to be one of his Best with the transitions and the cohesion to be a part of the success and perfection of this album
Este nuevo álbum es son como la sangre no podemos vivir sin ella The Weeknd se supero con este nuevo Álbum la Era After Hours sigue en pie eso si
Thoroughly thought out album incredible production One of his best projects.
apenas o melhor álbum de todos os tempos! cativante, magnífico, esplêndido. The Weeknd revolucionou.
I liked the vibe of this album as a whole. Didn't really like gasoline that much but everything else was fire nonetheless
Indeed its not like after hours ,but still a unique experience for a ordinary listener.In my opinion its worth the time ,give it a chance .Many people turn a blind eye to the pioneering artists who try to make sth more creative and different .My first impression wasn't positive of course ,as i said give it chance and it shall be a treasure in our era.
Um dos melhores trabalhos do the weeknd até então, o álbum é perfeito do início ao fim, muito consistente com transições inacreditáveis de boas. Uma experiência única escutar esse álbum, o ouvinte tem uma imersão magnífica, a sensação de estar escutando o rádio enquanto aguarda chegar em seu destino final parece ser real. Uma sacada de gênio colocar o Jim Carrey para nos guiar durante essa viagem. Realmente um lindo álbum, com uma batida contagiante e letras um tanto quanto macabras, espetacular.
The haters say The Weeknd always sounds the same, his fans want him to sound like his old stuff.Nevertheless, Dawn FM is one of the freshest, cleanest, boldest albums I have heard from a mainstream artist in a long time. The days of trilogy are long gone, xo. Music can bring people out of hard times. Look around everyone! The world has been in the dark too long! THE DAWN IS HERE!In all seriousness The Weeknd has always been authentic with his music, this album is a reflection of that. If you wished for another dark album despite this, you are asking for dishonest work.Dawn FM is sure to be polarizing. It could be his most well received work or his most underappreciated. To me however, it is a masterpiece.
This is simply an amazing album. The Weeknd knew what he had to do and he delievered.
Most creative album from Abel!Not my favorite style of music but Abel makes it special!
Magnífico! Abel nos leva novamente aos anos 80 e a forma como Jim Carrey nos guia nessa viagem sonora é fascinante!
i don't know maybe is me but when i started first listening to him is like all the other artist become mediocre, i think he is the best male artist alive rn and no one can change my mind this album is just a mind blowing experience i love it.
10/10, this album is so amazing, all the song are consistant, the weeknd never disappoints us!
It's an amazing experience to listen to the album from start to finish. Track transitions, vocals and the mix, it's all great!
T'was okay. Star boy still da best doe. I can this becoming a staple of early 2020's music down da line. And that's on that on that on that.
Was really good, good pacing, great production even if some were similar to other tracks on the album. Lil Wayne was the worst part of the album that should have been cut. He’s not good for his feature and should really stick to rapping. Tyler was an odd feature but for the track he was on it suited him well. Heavenly tone to the album too was nice with the afterlife concept to the album. Great vintage 80’s synths that were executed very well. :)
What a great Album! A Psychadelic Trippy Dream Pop Synth Journey trough the Mind of Abel, "The Weeknd"!
This album is just perfect, no words, just emotions. I love all his music, i wanna say thanks to the weeknd, for creating this album.
flawless production, insane transitions, angelic vocals from abel.the concept is amazing,
"DAWN FM" is almost an hour of pure feeling. The Weeknd is the best artist the last 2 decades have to offer and this is shown in After Hours & Dawn FM. Get ready to dive into a purgatory & a radio-broadcasting concept with this album.
This Album will Change this year and everyone will Enjoy this one. He always Saved his trumph card for later
It is a very good album, he just keeps on improving his music from album to album. This one is probably going to be one of his best albums, maybe his number 1 album, truthfully. Excellent albu
Futuristic and 80s at the same time. The Attention to detail and the transitions on this album are impeccable. A complete piece of work. One of the best albums in this decade without a doubt.
Amazing album by The Weeknd. He has outdone himself again with the new 80s synth-pop genre. Great vocals and amazing delivery. Album of the year for sure.
Work of Art. I loved this entire album. Fantastic experience.Congrats the weeknd.
I love the them of this album Also the production in this work is perfect, but after hours still his best work
Very enjoyable and a really creative way of differentiating this album with its Radio gimmick. The transitions were a great way of syncing the energy between the songs as well though This whole album was consistent overall. No contrasting genres, just a whole lotta 80s flowing through this piece. ❤️❤️
Bro it is amaziiiing.
Para mi, el mejor trabajo de The Weeknd hasta la fecha. Pese a ser un Álbum muy alejado al resto (excepto con "After Hours"), ha logrado dominar el sonido y estilo de los 80s a la perfección.
Album of the year, this is an album to avoid “shuffle mode” cause you will miss details, hear it in sequence.
Masterpiece , Abel never misses , from start to finish it takes you on a journey which I can’t describe , you just have to listen.
Masterpiece! Brilliant! Perfect!Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Probably one of his best works. Love to see him evolve as an artist and make new highs
A great sequel to after hours. Love the radio type music that he created, it was like listening to gta radio while riding around los santos.
Such an amazing album I love it , it really needs to be on a discoteque I really recommend it to everyone
Wow, IT is getting better as more you listen. Every song, every detail of it, music is just out of The world
This album is a masterpiece. The instrumental brings you back to 80's and the lycris is totally amazing, it connects with others songs, creating a history between his other album "After Hours" or even Starboy, Kiss Land and maybe Trilogy! Making a radio album is so good, you can feel many emotions like happiness, sadness, even feeling lost, etc. Finally, The Weeknd makes clear his influence of Daft Punk, Michael Jackson, and others. 10/10
Yet another masterpiece, a work of art, from The Weeknd. The concept is everything, transports you somewhere truly unique. On the surface, we can see a very retro-inspired sound exploring a mix of bangers and ballads, usually quite upbeat and positive. But the addition of genius narration from Jim Carrey, and occasional interludes from The Weeknd, a much more eery theme is explored. As Tesfaye has stated in previous interviews, this album is meant to represent 'Purgatory' - the transitional stage from his previous life of overwhelming fame, drugs and sex (After Hours) into this uncertain place of remorse, discovery and regret. A truly beautiful picture is painted, and it feels as cohesive as any project you'll see. The rewarding nature of his work is truly unique, you get out what you put in. Immerse yourself into his world, and you won't regret it. 10/10.
Digno. Um excelente álbum. Um verdadeiro hitmaker muito bom tá de parabens vale lembrar que foi esnobado pelo Grammy e agora tá aí esfregando na cara de todos eles
I think here you’ll find peace. There are influences from all music genres you could ever imagine. Some of the transitions are kinda ridiculous, eg Best Friends/Is there someone else?/Starry eyes.The whole album is a concept of an idea and a project that still needs to achieve his total complexity, as Abel said, we’re in a new trilogy.As a XO, I can only bless him to make us part of that incredible journey started from the House of Balloons and taking us to Heaven.I just simply evaluate that album the decade’s one, a truly masterpiece. Can’t wait to see what’s coming on.XO
another amazing album from the weeknd as always bringing out the best of the 80s. making us a bit reminiscent of the king of pop with quincy telling the story along with awesome jim is the only thing i can say
DAWN FM is so sonic and the sequence in it is so desirable. You just want to play the first song and you end up listening to the album over and over again. Abel out did himself on this. Listen to this with a fresh mind, this is not like any of his previous works. This is Dawn Fm.
Very enjoyable listen and my list of favourite Weeknd songs has been extended. I see people online complaining about the MJ influence… doesn’t mean it isn’t great music.
My first opinion of this album was that every song did sound similar and there wasn't much variety. I originally listened with only one airpod in and while I was working. Although being a huge fan of the Weeknd, I decided to give it another shot and really listen to the lyrics. That changed everything for me. I do feel that the features from Tyler the Creator, Lil Wayne and Quincy Jones skit weren't really necessary and didn't add anything to the album. Jim Carrey as the radio DJ was genius though and added another layer to the Dawn FM radio theme he was going for. In fact, one of my favorite "songs" of the album is "Phantom Regret by Jim." This album takes me back to the Weeknd's early music and I've been hoping he'd tap into that emotion again. Well done Abel!
2022 begins with a shattering big bang. Thanks to The Weeknd and his fifth studio album "Dawn FM". A journey back in time to a radio pop station of the 80s and at the same time as far into the future as it gets.The Weeknd delivers - with excellent production, melodies and vocals. Probably his best, most positive and thoughtful album to date. And the best 80's style synth pop album since the 80's itself. Almost perfect - 9 out of 10.My favorites:"Take My Breath""Gasoline""Less than Zero""How Do I Make You Love Me?""Out of Time"~ FürstenbergJanuary 23, 2022
I cannot think of an artist today who is world building around his music/art as clearly and commercially effective as The Weeknd is right now.Abel is perfectly balanced in this project between concept album and commercial hit maker that I recall having several Pinky Floyd dark side of the moon flashbacks listening to it.Beautifully sung, incredibly produced, perfectly paced and wonderfully unique in todays regurgitated and remade landscape. The Weeknd has knocked this completely out of the park in my view and completely cements himself as one of the very best creators of art (period) of this generation.
I was an early weeknd fan with his first album “house of balloons”, and then really enjoyed “BBTM” and was seduced with my dear melancholy, more than I though i d have, this last album just doesn’t clic with me. There is not a single song that touches me like they used to in house of balloons or MDM. And while I didn’t enjoy starboy much (too mainstream for me) at least they had some tracks that would get stuck in your head. I wish I fell in the majority and enjoyed this album more… I d say after hours was already much much better and enjoyable to listen to
His best album yet. An 80s nostalgic trip mixed with modern pop brining us a new take with an old sound
Although it isn't a terrible album, I personally didn't care for it. Although The Weeknd is clearly very talented and the concept is nice, I didn't love it. 5 out of ten.
The most amazing album I have ever experienced. I love every little part of every song, everything just makes sense. Thank you Abel!
Truly a great album filled with hidden gems, no skips at all for me. My favorite is definitely "less than zero".
The Weeknd ou Abel para os mais íntimos, se reinventa nesse último trabalho. Entregando um álbum refrescante, dinâmico, elegante, melancólico e profundo na medida certa.De certa forma se diferencia do seu antecessor, After Hours, mas mantém a essência dançante dos anos 80. Além disso, a presença do Jim Carrey como locutor deixa a experiência ainda mais imersiva do que poderíamos imaginar.Meu top 5 faixas:Less Than ZeroGasolineSacrificeTake My BreathDawn Fm
I love the fact that the album's themes and concepts consist of; self-reflection, guilt, regret, heartbreak and is also a follow-up to After Hours. Sacrifice, Gasoline, Out of Time and Take My Breath being the main highlights that stick out to me. I love the features of Tyler, The Creator, Swedish House Mafia, Quincy Jones and Jim Carey (the radio host of Dawn FM)... All in all, this is an absolutely AMAZING start to 2022 in terms of new album releases!
goodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgoodgood
Man...I love the way this is going, pleaseee more of this!! I really really really need it.
“You have to be heaven to see heaven.” This album delivers an otherworldly experience that’s gradually sending you to heaven. Out of Time, Less Than Zero, Sacrifice are my tier 1 tracks. Tier 2 tracks include- Take My Breath, Is there Someone else, How do I Make You Love Me? This album makes me dance like there’s no tomorrow, meanwhile experiencing a sense of loneliness and introspection. Great production. Even though it sounds like 80s music, but 80s music can’t deliver punchy bass, clear synths, and nuanced vocal like Dawn Fm- simply because music technology back then didn’t allow. To sum up, this is probably my favorite album of all time, close to Random Access Memories.
The songs on this were amazing and his vocals are amazing as usual and the song transitions were magnificent
Great album from start to finish. Only been listening to his single tracks since Starboy but haven't given attention on his full album until now. The tracks are cohesive and the production is HUGE. Been enjoying it since January.
Great!! Absolutely amazing album. Love the retro R&B music, he brought 80s back. Much love to this album.
i know many people wont agree with me but ig this album is better than any album dropped this year. His voice , vocals everything is just perfect on this record . And imo dawn fm is better than after hours. When i first heard this album i was like ok and its an amazing album but afterr hours was better etc etc. But after sometime idk how i found myself loving this album moer than any
The Weeknd delivered an excellent album to start out 2022. The listening experience was excellent and the songs are bangers as usual. I am starting to get tired of the continual 80's theme, though. I was hoping for more creativity, but overall I enjoyed this album. Lil Wayne needs to retire.
This album is Great!, I'm actually mind-blown by the transitions in the song, Some of my favourites are, Take my breath, sacrifice, out of time, Here we go again and less than zero, Great continuation from after hours, if the weeknd keeps up like this, i'm telling my kids about him when they get old enough
De primeiro impacto foi surpreendente, muito bem feito, mas a sonoridade com o tempo parece uma só, como se todas as músicas se resumissem a uma, e acaba perdendo a sensação da primeira vez, mas não deixa de ser muito bem elaborado!
Me gustó mucho este álbum con una renovación musical de the weeknd, esto se escucha de principio a fin.
super dynamically sounding album from Abel and Jim Carrey. The meaning of this album is super interesting as its a very dark follow up to After Hours
Junto con Starboy y After Hours, este trae toda una influencia con relacion a R&B y musica electronica, algo de debo de aclarar es que pudo haber estado mejor si tuviera algo de rap pr el estilo
Abel is a f****** genius, the successor of Michael Jackson, no doubt. Dawn FM doesn't have a smash hit, but it's the best the weekend album.
Sem dúvidas o melhor projeto da carreira do The Weeknd (abel) até então. A composição vai contando uma história durante o álbum inteiro enquanto se encontra em um estado de purgatório esperando a luz do fim do túnel. a sonoridade é incrível, produção excelente, uma experiência única!
O ano mal tinha começado e The Weeknd já entregou o ano todo.Todas as faixas são maravilhosas, as melodias, transições entre as faixas. Tudo maravilhoso
80s Lovers, this is it!Strongly recommended to listen the whole album while driving a car by night.
Dawn FM is a great comeback album of The Weeknd, songs on the album are really good. Why I gave this album an 8? Album includes "A Tale By Quincy", " Every Angel Is Terrifying" and "Phantom Regret By Jim". This tracks aren't actually a songs. In some of this tracks someone is just telling a story or else. I'm not hating the album, it is really good but If I could make a decision about the tracks, I would just delete it from the album. Please don't hate me, it's just my opinion, if you think differently, that's ok.
Dawn FM brings one of the concepts never done before, of emulating an FM radio, and at the beginning of the album I was convinced that this album would be perfect, with tracks like "gasoline", "sacrifice" and "out of time" simply holding me and making me addicted and wanting to listen to them again, but after a while, right after the track "best friends" the album lost some of its essence and felt unfinished, some tracks after "best friends" are still ok, but no they are amazing just like the initials, this was my 4th favorite album of the year, but it left me a little disappointed in the end
Very nice idea with the radio type of album stuff with seamless transitions when you listen to the album from start to end but even without it this album is one of my faves with songs like Less Than Zero, Don't Break My Heart, How Do I Make You Love Me? and others.
Dawn FM is a masterful album if ever I've heard one. Since Abel confirmed/posted that we're in the midsts of a new trilogy it has made people dissect and analyse his previous albums especially this one. In After Hours, our main character, 'The Protagonist' as Abel Tesfaye refers to him as - dies in Until I Bleed Out, basically OD'ing AGAIN because he cannot live without the loss of his loved one so this time he kind of does it with the intention to kill himself because he feels it would be better to die and with no recollection than live with the painful and neverending love for her that only has and will result in loss.After this our protagonist has entered purgatory, the state of suffering inhabited by sinners who must be forgiven of their acts and free of regret before entering heaven. We see him continuously regretting things throughout this album, signifying his growth, yes, but in order to enter heaven he must be cleansed of all this regret, so I guess we'll see in his next album whether he makes it to hell or heaven or is eternally stuck in purgatory. The style Abel is going for in these tracks, with the 80's synths, beats and smooth production is nothing short of masterful and fascinating, once again his vocal performance on each and every track is phenomenal. It's definitely a grower, first listen it wasn't my type of jam but after my second and continuous listens I realised just how lucky we are to have an album like this, someone who cares about music with such a deep passion and executes that passion so perfectly is just *chef kiss*.The only problem I necessarily had with this album was the features- Lil Wayne and Tyler the Creator, they didn't add anything to the tracks and they would have definitely been an S tier without that interference but that's all I can fault about it. 10/10A literal experience and even though this phrase is so loosely used for albums these days I have to say it... classic.
It's a masterpiece. It's very conceptual and very artistic. The concept is incredible, it's a real story and full of interpretation. Love it
Diferent of other abel's albuns, Dawn FM is a whole experience, it sounds soo good with the idea of radio in album and really hypinotizes the listener. Congrats for taken us for you universe The Weekend, we love it
Unlike other albums I love, (1) I've been listening to this one over and over for months now, and I'm still not tired of it, and (2) there's not a single song on the record that I don't love. It's everything I want in a record: catchy melodies that have musical depth and diversity within both the songs themselves and individually from track to track, as well as lyrics that aren't trying to push some form of social justice garbage down my throat. Only real bummer are the features on the album: they're absolutely horrible compared to The Weeknd's own performance, I really don't understand how they made it onto this record. Overall, the album is literally musical crack. I don't know how he does it.
Como siempre The Weeknd un 10, álbum diferente que te transmite muchas cosas
Was expecting a lot worse. Some of the song progressions get to be predictable since its pop but the songs are not so bad that they can't be listened to.
The Weeknd’s music makes me miss people I stopped missing. Gives me nostalgia from some of the best times in my life which is a beautiful feeling but a sad one. So while his music makes me feel like I haven’t moved on, I know I have. And also gives me hope. His music inspired so much ambivalence inside myself. I love it. Been a fan for years. Easily my favorite artist. I'd love more than anything to make a song with this man some day.
This album proves the master of a musician Alicia Keys is! The album mixes many genres together and creates a world of its own! Skydive is legendary
Wow. This is by far one her best records and it shows. Not one bad track on this album!
Feels like she’s for writing an album to write this album. Production wise mediocre.
Alicia is a great singer and she can do no wrong but the length here just dulls things that were otherwise very impactful
The new double album by Alicia Keys has two versions of most songs--The Originals,which use the piano as the primary instrument, and Unlocked, which is thepop version so them. The production quality of both disc are perfect. The vocalcolor of the album, which has collaborations between various famous rapartists make it very lively. As for instrumentals, I favor the Originalsversions, but the Unlocked version of "Nat King Cole" is the best of the album.Overall, this is one of the best (if not the best) album of 2021 and I recommendto all music listeners.
melodic, intimate, eclectic, modern, instrumentals and vocals more classy than ever, two sides of an album full of versatility and pure talent, this album is the nectar of r&b!
An extraordinary journey after ALICIA, the turning point, KEYS, which opens the door to two new worlds, three or a thousand. Lovely ballads, an overwhelming piano and a lot of grit. The writing and composing skills of this artist have no limits. It is not to be listened to, but to be experienced.
Top notch from Alicia. The piano is in full force on this album, which is when Alicia is at her best. Vocals soar and as you make it to the unlocked side (which isn't as perfect as the originals side) takes most of the songs to either a new level or gives you a different view. Keys is among your top 3 albums.
Keys has a languid feel -- which is perhaps to be expected from an artist who, before she made her debut, was best known for her work on soundtracks -- and a loose, easygoing vibe that is, at times, more reminiscent of her occasional collaborator Maxwell than it is of any of the '90s R&B artists who had a hand in shaping her sound. Of course, Keys' profile was considerably higher than Maxwell's by the time she released her debut, and, apart from her production team, Keys also worked with a number of hitmakers on the album -- including, of course, Swizz Beatz and super-producers The Neptunes, but also R. Kelly, Carvin & Ivan, and Jermaine Dupri. Yet, while the most obvious influences aren't that important, because Keys' style isn't that derivative, the album isn't one long ballad, either. Instead, it's a mixture of slow jams, midtempo tunes, and, on "Dead End Road," a nice, slinky groove that finds Keys flirting with hip-hop. The big hit, "Fallin'," and the infectious "A Woman's Worth" both fall into the slow-jam category, as does "Never Felt This Way," but even there, Keys shows that she isn't a one-trick pony, since she brings a breathy sensuality to the songs that is more affecting than the sultry ballads of the time. And, of course, there's also the title track, a compelling, haunting ballad that is as much R&B as it is gospel, since it's about Keys' late father, who died when she was just two years old. Keys' early death-haunted songs, like "A Woman's Worth" and "Diary," were a little too self-consciously dramatic to fit her voice, but "Keys" is an affecting memorial to a parent, and it's a song that encapsulates the strengths of the entire album.
KEYS is Alicia Keys' Greatest Album and one of the best R&B albums of all time. The fact there are two versions of most songs give the listener a chance to either love one version or the other if they didn't like the first version they heard. It's always good to have the same songs have different production as it may give a new aspect or feeling for a song for all the good reasons.
This album is phenomenal because the vibe is insane in probably every song !My favorite one is Put on a smile, this actually game me the biggest smile of 2021 this was so amazing, Instrumental and flow is spot on. i am fund of the groove.Probably 2021's Aoty.
amazing, incredible mindblowing. congrets bruno and anderson, you never cease to amaze me.
Uma delícia de álbum, com elementos que se encaixam perfeitamente. Anderson e Bruno fazem com que suas vozes sejam um pedaço do céu. Álbum do ano, sem dúvidas.
Wow. My expectations were insanely high. And they were blown out of the water. Literal masterpiece. Anderson .Paak and Bruno Mars are two of the best musicians today, and they both were firing at all cylinders on this album. It's perfect. I'm speechless.
it is amazing!!! is very well listen it,t he songs are of great quality and the style is completely different from the current one
I can't express it in beautiful words about what I felt hearing it, I think it was the first one I liked ALL THE TRACKS at first, for me it's one of the best albums of the century, well job, the instrumentals are just FLAWLESS, silk sonic is HISTORY. the blass off ending is simply inexplicable, fly as for me was anderson's moment, very artist... put on a smile?????? for real?? PERFECT!Oh honestly, I'm not talking, drooling egg because I'm a fan, but it's because I like these genres they put, I love researching, I love discovering artists of these genres, I love everything... it's music, it's beautiful to hear, it's wonderful to feel. 10/10
the best album I've ever heard in my whole life, bruno mars and anderson paak nailed it!
Que gran álbum un fresco respiro a la música de hoy en día, más que gran artista es bruno y anderson
Amazing!! Two very talented musicians gift us with one of the best albums of 2021.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful. This album is undoubtedly one of the best of the year, of course its melodies and lyrics stand out a lot. "777" great song, like the well-known "Leave the Door Open", "Skate", "Smokin Out the Window". And all the songs, they're all good...
Para mi es el disco del año! Tiene todo para ser un clásico a futuro. La estética que lograron es simplemente genial y bien aplicada!
What a masterpiece again, wow i can’t describe m’y feelings after this album!
The production, the vocals, the instruments, the visible heavy inspiration in the 70's songs, the sequence of the tracks... everything is so perfect! Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak took their best musical inspirations and gave life to this 10/10 album. Definitely the best of 2021.
I knew that Bruno's vocals were god tier, but damn, Anderson can really sing.
incredible! bruno mars and anderson paak is the best duo of 2021. the song put on a smile is my personal favorite.
Álbum coeso, puro Soul, capaz de te transportar para a década de 70 sem deixar de ser atual
Magnificent melodies worthy of great musicians. The album is a complete vibe and every song is amazing.
Simplesmente perfeito! Esse álbum, essa parceria como um todo, foi uma das melhores coisas que aconteceram este ano
Perfect on every song, melodies and every lyric. It's not just an album that people may like or dislike, it's a complete work of art!!!!!
This album has one banger after another. Literally every track on this album had me stop what I was doing so I could listen to every note. Beautiful music and Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak have amazing chemistry. Loved it.
Classic. Classic. Classic. Classic. Classic. Classic. Classic. Classic. Classic. Classic. Classic
This the best album I’ve ever heard. It’s got me wanting to be a better man. To excel more in my own life. To step it up. A masterpiece and miracle are understatements. THE BEST!
This album is a whole lotta fun, a masterpiece, Anderson and Bruno are one hell of a duo.
Bruno and Anderson have created a unique 70’s experience almost like no other music today. With beautiful instrumentals and classic, yet edgy lyrics, this album is a treat for the soul
El mejor album de la década, nadie toca a ese hombre, incr3ible ,las letras ,los sonidos ,todo lo adoro un album 10
Simplesmente fenomenal, na minha visão o álbum pop/funk do ano, o retorno aos anos 70 trás uma mistura de sensações incrível, além é claro da nostálgia, muitos podem dizer que tal retorno pode ser algo sem sal, ou que não trouxe nada de novo para indústria, mas eu digo ezatamente o contrário voltar ao passado troxe um ar renovador para uma indústria pop que se repetia com álbuns medíocres e ruins, assim como After Hours e Future Nostalgia, An Evening With Silk Sonic é fantástico e me faz lembrar que ainda existe qualidade na música pop.
Thirty-one minutes of pure joy. I have never been more excited about a collaboration. These two have outdone themselves.
All I can simply say is what a wonderful piece of music! Absolutely no skips on this album. Just perfection!
'An Evening with Silk Sonic' is full of passion, is an extremely fun groovy listen, and has textbook sounds of funk, R&B, and soul. Each song on here sets its own tone and vibe and the production is just absolutely spot on perfect. However, it's nothing groundbreaking and it really didn't hit me that hard. Only a few songs really stuck with me like 'After Last Night' and 'Put On A Smile'. The rest of the songs are here are just... good.
Had one of the best 3 track run. After Last Night, Smokin' Out The Window, Put on a Smile.
Qué perfectos sonidos, mostrando la incursión en géneros ya plasmados y pudiendo sobrellevarlos de la mejor forma. 100/100
When you see the album title you know it's a 0 skip album. From RnB to Funk to soul their groove galore. Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak getting together aas a match made in heaven and this is something iconic we have all heard for a long time.
The Chemistry between Bruno Mars and Anderson is incredible, they use their vocal abilities in their favor, the funky production throughout the album is filled with incredible bass-lines, fun harmonies, groovey songs, etc. Must Listen!
Easily an instant classic. Paak and Bruno Mars deliver a flawless record that is polished with feel good soul, funk and manages to leave a smile on your face without fail. Refreshing, cohesive, well constructed, and colourful. Incredible.
Amazing album with great production and no skips. It's real fun to listen it.
An album that has great cohesion, no tracks are left out, purely perfection!
Me senti bastante conflictuado al escuchar este album, debido a que no estaba seguro si queria darsela toda a bruno mars o a anderson paak
O álbum é um dos mais ricos musicalmente das ultimas décadas e com vocais impecáveis de Bruno Mars e Anderson .Paak uma experiência sem igual. Dois gênios da musica. Um dos melhores álbuns que eu já ouvi.
This album was purely magical, the only criticism I could possibly have for it is i wish it was 11-12 songs long instead of 9, but my rating is still closer to 10 than 9. If you love 70’s music, this is your album. I’m someone that listens to Rap and R&B primarily, and I can admit this is a top 3 album of 2021. Must listen, and it must be said that Bruno and Anderson should get equal credit for the album, neither of them carried the other. I could even say Anderson impressed me more than Bruno did at times. Again, must listen, and I 100% recommend this album.
AOTY ! A certified classic ! I don't know how should I explain this ! Pure perfection
Just wonderful, amazing! It's surreal is quality presented by the two artists on this album. Beautiful vocals, perfect arrangements. One of the best albums i've heard in my life. I felt in the clouds when I first heard it. Perfect from start to finish, with no average music. A great job!!!
I just want an album that makes you groove and have fun. And this album gives me all that I wanted. Album of the Year for me!!! Congratulations to Silk Sonic, Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak.
great album, definitely incredible. stand out song for me is "777" which is just amazing overall, I love the beginning.
album is a **** masterpiece. bruno mars and Anderson paak together with bootsy collins , dmile and all people behind this album do what they need to do. put on smile is my personal favorite.
This album blessed my soul. I've been waiting for this kind of album for a while. It had a mixed genre of a little bit of newer stuff with 777 and a little but of Put On A Smile.And of course the older stuff with the majority of the other songs. But it jus gave me all around great vibes amd something i have not been able to stop listening since it came out. Best album of the year by a margin and it proves just how good of an artist Bruno is and how CRIMINALLY underrated Anderson .Paak is. 10/10 to any genre listener. You will find something you like.
One of the greatest albums of all timeUp there with hotel california thriller
A masterpiece. It sounds like an exaggeration but it's really not. Rarely today will you find an album that grips you tight and takes you on a journey from start to finish without letting go and that's exactly what this album does. Every track is so carefully crafted but without sounding over produced or manufactured. Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak go together like bread and butter, they are a perfect match.
The best album of 2021! these duo of Bruno Mars and Andy, is something we haven't seen in a long time
Retro seventies audio bliss, congrats to "Mars & the Paak man" on a job well done!
Funky as hell! Every song hits! You can feel the bass and drums in every song. Fantastic!
Não esperava menos de dois rapazes tão talentosos quanto Bruno Mars e Anderson .Paak. Imagina dar uma nota baixa para uma maravilha dessa.
A great modern classic album, that got me listen to it everytime. Album of the year
Bruno Mars como sempre entregando trabalhos de qualidade. A junção com Anderson Paak deu um Q a mais, tô viciado em todas as faixas.
Even though it's more an EP than an album, it's a complete project to me. 90s vibe>>>
It’s so good by far the best album dropped on November 12th. It’s a shame it was overshadowed
A very very well done exercise on R&B and soul revival, various moments of interesting songwriting and great levels of musicianship and performance.Production-wise this album is one of the best from this year: pristine quality and awesome sound from top to bottom.Mars and Paak have delivered a piece of work that I'm sure will leave a mark in the music industry and will influence part of the musical trends, at least in the R&B field. I would be nice if at least the main single would get the Grammy nomination for "Record of the Year". Really enjoyed this album, I would return to it now and then, but overall is a fun listening experience to make you feel groovy.
A really incredible album from the start to the end. A great collaboration.
Una delicia para los oídos. Una experiencia musical que te hace viajar por el tiempo.
A refreshing, playful Masterpiece showing how simple great Music can be made
Amazing album from beginning to end. Bruno and Andy have created a masterpiece with songs anyone of any age can enjoy. Great production. Incredible vocals. Captivating stories in their songs.
Soul is my favorite genre ever, sure that may make me biased, but at the same time that means I’ve listened to a good deal of the genre. I have a good reference point. And this record stacks up. innovative or not, this well made music with fantastic instrumentation, melodies, vocals, every metric in the book.No misses, every song is a minimum of an 8.5/10, the weakest is 777 and that’s a good song itself
An all together beautiful experience, the track list may be short but it fulfills what it sets out to do. Brunos silky smooth vocals play of Paaks more versatile vocals very well.
Waited so long for this one. Thought it was coming out next year. Thank you.
é muito notória a evolução dele, as músicas estão mais bem produzidas, as transições mais organizadas, os singles se encaixam perfeitamente na narrativa do álbum.
Greatest album of this generation. The prodution is outstanding. The musicality of both Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak is next level. My AOTY
Just simple, is Bruno Mars and Anderson, one of the best album so far! all song is so "F**king" good, you will replay when is done because is so great!
In all honesty, I thought real music had gotten lost in a cave just like the Dead Sea Scrolls. Thank God Bruno and Anderson Paak went on an archeological dig in their recording studio and found those missing musical scrolls. There was a hole in R&B Soul someone finally filled. I can now come out from hiding behind my Jazz partition and no longer be bombarded by this empty prefab foolishness we've been exposed to for far too long. Any real musician will tell you there is a difference between just singing and singing with soul. There are actors and there are performers---Silk Sonic is the latter.They bottled nostalgia and poured it back out like a flavorful Cabernet Sauvignon in their goblet of funky swag. What on earth did we do to deserve such a great level of music? Like Bootsy Collins said, "I don't know what you did when you did what you did, but you did it!"Silk Sonic reminded me of every R&B group I've ever heard in my life! And they did it with just 8 cuts and an intro without any fillers. And those 8 cuts are hitting on all 8 cylinders of that '77 Monte Carlo Anderson Paak is driving in the tune "Fly As Me". As Bruno said in a recent interview, "I told Andy if you can't get them with 9 or 10 you're not going to get them with 20." Like the good old days smaller quantity---greater quality. These 8 cuts are a breath of fresh air. It is so great to hear pure musical orchestration by real musicians that are also idyllic performers---flawless.The Intro reminds you of Earth, Wind, and Fire with Bootsy Collins as the MC. The second cut 'Leave the Door Open' echoes the Delfonics' steps and falsetto with Marvin's cool. Music in its simplest form, therefore all of the talent is front and center. No horns--- their voices are the horns. The groups' harmony is excellent. Bruno and Anderson compliment the song with their alternate vocals. "Fly As Me" is the third cut which is a whimsical song composed of Anderson's rapping prowess and phenomenal percussions. "After Last Night" brings the Average White Band and Chilites to mind with a dose of EWF and the Funkateers. The bass lines from ThunderCat are ridiculous, a sprinkle of Bootsy's conversation and Silk's harmonic vocals are literally out of this world. "Smokin Out the Window" is a comedy that works because of the excellent choreography, tight harmony, and great instrumentation. Bruno makes his falsetto work look effortless. With "Put On A Smile" your first instinct is this is an homage to Lenny Williams and Tower of Power with a dash of Hall and Oates for good measure. Anderson's vocals are exceptional here and there are just no words for Bruno's vocal range. Loved the background harmony. With "777" you feel James Brown's influence with Chicago's groove and a reference to MJ's moonwalk and his Man in the Mirror. "Skate" places you in a rollerskating rink with a smile on your face enjoying a grooving sound---great vocals, basslines, percussions, and strings. And for the feast de la resistance is "Blast Off" --- the Ohio Players meet Earth Wind and Fire. The lead guitar riffs are just beautiful as are the vocals. Close your eyes and drift into the stratosphere.If you like phenomenal bass lines, great chord progressions, layered harmonies, unbelievable modulations in unexpected places---This modern retro sound is worth a sip. If there were ever a definition of a "Smooth Criminal", Silk Sonic will take your mind into their world. Which is not altogether a bad thing. Thanks, guys for putting the Soul Train back on track.
there’s no words to describe this amazing album, this is a classic, a gem, long live silk sonic! 10/10 without a doubt.
This is the meaning of a perfect combination. Definitely AOTY. Instant classic.
The chemistry between these two incredible artist is off the charts. An evening with Silk Sonic is incredible experience, anyone who appreciates musicianship should enjoy this beautiful record.
LOVE ALL OF THIS ALBUM. THE INSTRUMENTAL AND THE MELODY OF ALL THE SONG ARE PERFECT❤️❤️❤️❤️ ALso, the old new music is SOOOOOOO good. I can't believe , It's a hard style, just Bruno who can do it. Love you Bruno
Just the best album I've ever heard in my life. The vibe is amazing. The melody is so soft and the instrumentals are perfect. All the songs are very very extraordinary.YOU must listen to this album. It will be your favorites of all the times
good sound, good production and I love you Bruno, thank you for this beautiful album, and thank you Anderson
Me gusta la voz de Bruno y Anderson da el acompañamiento perfecto, el álbum merece ser escuchado por todos. Un muy buen trabajo felicidades a quienes elaboraron el álbum y esperamos gane muchos premios. Grande Bruno y Anderson.
As always Bruno exceeded my expectations, this is brilliant, I can't stop listening to it.
Reviving 70s soul/r&b music isn't as easy as some people might think. But Silk Sonic pulled it off successfully and amazingly. This album is full of soul, fun and energy from 2 top-notch musicians. Easily one of the best records this year, if not the best.
Masterpiece, that's all, nothing left to say, it bothers me that 10 is the highest score I can give to this album
This album is perfect. I listened to it twice last night and I went to bed and slept on it before giving a review. From the vocals, to the instrumentation, the production, this album is simply perfect. There are levels to artistry and these gentlemen, and everyone involved, handled this project with extreme care. Even in the music videos, you can see how much they care about this project. It reminds me of Quention Tarantino's "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood." He's a lover of the 60s landscape and you can tell by the little intricate details he put in his movie. It made you feel like you were in the 60s Hollywood. What QT did with that, Silk Sonic did with this album.My parents introduced me to the Commodores, EWF, Kool & The Gang, Bootsy Collins, Parliment The Isley Brothers and Motown early in my life. When I tell you that Silk Sonic has mastered the sound and quite possibly elevated it, I'm not joking.This album is a 10/10, 5 out of 5 for me. I've never given any album a perfect score ever. My expectations for this album were already high. Most times albums don't live up to my expectations. This exceeded my expectations.
So good, this record makes me feel so happy, sad and nostalgic. Everynote is completly In the right place. I sure that this álbum worths it!!
WooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooW
Perfect chef's kiss, album of the year, expect nothing less from the great bruno mars and andy
perfect[ adjective, noun pur-fikt; verb per-fekt ]adjectiveconforming absolutely to the description or definition of an ideal type:a perfect sphere;a perfect gentleman.
I genuinely wanna know how Bruno does it to make painfully average albums with zero novelty or true originality behind them and people always act like he dropped a masterpiece.This album is bare bones good, so a 7 is as high as it'll get
what would this be without the nostalgia, nothing. no new concepts or production, no storytelling and the lyrics are corny
The most generic album I have ever heard, i'ts so bad. Don't listen to it, it's not worth your time.
Weak Melodies, easy go-to 70’s production that isn’t surprising or inventive. Great performance technically but there’s nothing really stand out or creative here. I can’t see myself memorizing the tunes at all. Very smooth generic background vibes. If you like that kind of dull cheesy vintage sound than ok, but it just sounds so empty yet so overcrowded.
Silk Sonic is AOTY, Bruno and Paak have blessed my ears. Really digging the 70'sfunk sound here.
Muito ruim. Parece tudo a mesma coisa, sem contar nas músicas chata pra caray. Que bosta
I don’t understand the hype around this debut album, it’s very mediocre. Some tracks are really good, most are fillers. I love Anderson Paak, but I expected more. It’s a bad move to form a band with a mainstream singer, Anderson music is so good by itself.
incredible! bruno mars and anderson paak is the best duo of 2021. so great!
Might grow on me more later, but there are a bit meh song in the track list like 777 and the thundercat track. Most song here are still stunning and amazing too. Glad that Bruno and Anderson come back with this great of a project!!!
eclectic, melodic, versatile, vibrant and engaging, with impeccable production, Bruno's musical evolution is visibly sharpened in this album
An Evening With Silk Sonic by Silk Sonic: 8.91Silk Sonic Intro: 1Leave The Door Open: 1 :)Fly As Me: 1 :)After Last Night: 0.75Smokin Out The Window: 1 :)Put On A Smile: 1!777: 1 :)Skate: 1 :)Blast Off: 0.758.5/9 ~ .944 -> 8.91Another album that I really wanted to listen to was An Evening With Silk Sonic, the debut album from the new duo. I can honestly say that this album highly exceeded my expectations. The funky music somehow sounds different in every song while at the same time creating a fun, comprehensive musical theme for the entire album. I also appreciated how “concert friendly” this album would be; it would sound really great if all songs were played back to back live. I was particularly fond of a few gems within this short but mighty tracklist, such as Leave The Door Open, Smokin Out The Window, and Fly As Me.Speaking of which, after a very groovy introduction song (I’d say above average of all “intro” songs to albums), Evening begins with the fantastic Leave The Door Open. Its calm music is highlighted by a sick sliding guitar riff and wonderful lyrics. I was pleased by the ending’s key change and alternate melody. Fly As Me was another winner. I loved the crunch guitar with the matching bass riff and the lyrical rhythm fit great with the funky music. The bridge with the loud drum, followed by a final-chorus breakdown was a brilliant choice. I enjoyed the intro of After Last Night, but the song soon became pretty close to a rehashing of previous music. There were some good vocal harmonies, though, and the key change was nice. However, the whole thing seemed a little too sexual as well. Smokin Out The Window was another hit. I really liked its busy bass, backing vocals, and guitar riff. There were some fun lyrics as well and the last chorus sounded great stripped. Put On A Smile was surprisingly powerful, unexpected but more than welcome. The rain sound effect was a cool choice and the different-sounding music was very nice. As previously mentioned, its lyrics were actually really good and thought-provoking. Everything in this song fit very well together, from the wonderful backing vocals to the key change to the bringing of the rain back, coming full circle. The radio sound effect for the guitar was epic in 777, as if Red Hot Chili Peppers met R&B. The bass runs are cool and I loved both the vocal and drum rhythms. Skate was yet another track I had a great time listening to. The busy bass and the panned e-guitar made a great team and I loved the old-timey vibes. This song featured more good lyrics, which was another highlight. Blast Off was a pretty fair closer. The harmonies all sounded great, and while it was slower, the music was still pretty dang good. I appreciated the guitar solo as well as the “re-entry” during the middle of the song. The spacy sounds of the bridge were cool but it went on a little too long. That being said, all the key changes were pretty fun.Overall, Silk Sonic’s debut album was one heck of an introduction for the new duo. I really hope they continue to make more music because An Evening With Silk Sonic definitely lived up to all the hype surrounding it. While Bruno Mars’s music, in my opinion, was a little bit hit-or-miss for each song, Silk Sonic’s first is anything but that. Even its length, while on the shorter side, I feel like was perfect, since it fairly strictly follows a “music theme”. I don’t really have any complaints (maybe just if they said “Silk Sonic” less in their music); it was all just pretty dang good. I would highly recommend An Evening With Silk Sonic since I had an amazing time listening to it. Highlights: Silk Sonic Intro, Leave The Door Open, Fly As Me, Smokin Out The Window, Put On A Smile, 777, and Skate.
No contemporary homage to classic R&B/soul/funk would ever dream to be as well played, well produced, atmospheric and dreamscaping as Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak’s long-awaited wunderkind of a collaboration.
Bruno Mars's skill has never been a secret from his extensive writing credits, classic singles and experiments he has proven himself as an echelon of the industry. That skill is what holds this unexpected gem together. .paak's neo soul improvisational jazzy delivery is anchored here wonderfully. They are a pair that sound so perfect together imagining anything else seems criminal.The album plays like a live performance by an iconic duo on their sold out show. It's concept refines the albums themes and sounds giving them space to remain streamlined whilst testing out waters. The braggadocio of "fly as me" is a peak most artists spend their lives trying to emulate without seeming obnoxious and the charismatic "smokin out the window " wouldn't be out of place on .paak's 2016 masterpiece but this is only a testament to this album's refinement. "Put on a smile" is an award ready vocal performance that's the best example of the duo's symbiosis. "777" is the shortest vocal track that will pull you off whatever you are sitting on and make you dance . Bound to haunt Instagram stories and possibly tiktok,like the lead single. The follow up single "skate" sounds like summer and is one of the many funk highlights. The closer is a heartfelt ballad on moving on that perfectly captures the albums excise. A spell binding ventures helmed by masters of their craft.
Absurdo, tomara que ganhe todos os prêmios do ano isso aqui ta bom demais, é a legitima obra de arte sonora.
Anderson .Paak and Bruno Mars have incredible chemistry together, and give a fantastic album as a result
Repetitive masterpiece. Banal artifact of artistry. It was a vibe and fine album
There are no exact words to describe how incredible this album is, a true art of R&B. What a style with which they teleport us to another time!!, simply a masterpiece to another level, beautiful.
I think this is top 3 best albums of 2021. Every song is amazing, it really lights up my mood and makes me wanna dance each one. There’s nothing to criticize for me. Bruno and Anderson make such a great team, I hope they continue together in the future.
just pure cringe. I didn't find anything inspiring from the album just cursive singing.
expensive production, funny lyrics, but some songs sound too similar which would've been ok if the album had more songsbest track: Leave The Door Open or Fly As Meworst track: Blast Off8.5/10
Simplemente magia. Estos vibes de los 70's retumban en mi mente. Estoy en un viaje cada ves que escucho este álbum, los instrumentos suenan tan bien, el bajo es una de las piezas clave y perfectas de esta pieza de obra maestra!. Silk Sonic será recordado para siempre
This album is perfect! A masterpiece! Silk Sonic is a match made in music heaven!
hoy en día ya no es tan habitual escuchar los sonidos puros de los instrumentos, al escuchar sus canciones de silk sonic se puede apreciar sonidos de cada instrumento, además que uno puede sentir y vivir en cada canción
amazing album front to back! no filler tracks. all tracks are very easygoing nothing revolutionary or genre breaking just great songs with amazing vibes and It does what it set out to do
A live recorded albumwith a song consisting of 32 chords 60 turnarounds with modulation and key change on every songAll this added to the catchyness of songs is just cherry on the cake.31 mins is the perfect length short enjoyable and memorable.A true masterpiece.Album of the Year
Simplemente es una obra maestra, es uno de los mejores álbumes que he escuchado, simplemente bendicen tus oídos con este estilo de los 70, puro arte
I love the album very much, honestly it is wonderful, the connection between songs, the lyrics, the melody, the voices of Bruno and Anderson together, the whole team behind it, wow excellent work
Este álbum sin duda es el álbum del año, es fenomenal en todo aspecto. Se nota a kilómetros la dedicación que le pusieron tanto Bruno como Anderson. Es una joya. ¡Esperamos 5 años y valió la pena casa segundo!
It's one of the best album of this 2021, definitely with both greatest artists!. They really gave us all the motown vibes the only bad fact is that 30 minutes it's not enough, y'all will wishing to listen more. No bad songs in my opinion "After Last Night" and "Fly as Me" a pure gem
The best album with a lot of perfect songs, is the album of the year and the world
MASTERPIECE
El mejor álbum que puedan escuchar, son duda musica para mis oídosLas canciones tiene ritmos algo variados lo cual le da un toque especial
Es una experiencia musical increíble, entras en un mundo de perfección auditiva, este dúo me fascinó, no se si seguirán trabajando juntos pero los amo
These guys excelled with this album, I loved it, they give me such a good vibe.
This is a fun album. Who would have thought Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak together could be so enjoyable. Anderson clicks perfectly with Bruno. Fly As Me with Anderson at the helms is perfect.
I was bored I feel like I’ve heard all these songs before from Bruno Mars
An amazing relaxing album, just what 2021 needed. I love this collaboration and the authentic acoustic instruments used really add to the vibe of the album. Gave it a 9 because I feel like the lyrics could be improved, but the songs that they are strong in, really are strong! Overall I love it.
Cool album. Good songs but very short since we already heard half of them before release though
really want to give it a 9, but it just barely missed the mark on that. otherwise its a fantastic album. Fly as me is one of my favorite paak songs in years
With this album you can truly feel what music is about!! Hope to hear more of them.
This album is an incredible tribute to the past legends of Motown, combining Bruno’s stunning falsettos with Anderson. Paak’s silky lyrics and unique drum style. In an era of music that has been dominated by rap and pop, it’s truly refreshing to listen to a new wave of funk, soul and R&B sounds. This is the collaboration we didn’t want, but we needed.
Going into this album I expected alot. But wow did they deliver with this one. The singles alone got me hooked and I was awaiting the arrival of "an evening with silk sonic" to see how the rest of the project would unfold. Needless to say I think I genuinely loved every song on this album they either range from extraordinary to amazing and no inbetween.It is rare. It is so rare you come across a seemingly perfect album but this truly is.Bruno's vocals on every track is heavenly rich in his usual golden pipes spread across the whole album is too die for and Anderson paaks vocals too really add this extra nuance to the record which I loved. Theres so much going on in every track on the record that makes me wanna know how they pulled it off so well.The record lives and breathes the soul of vintage motown and 70s music front to back which is so refreshing in the current landscape of music today. Influences from hot chocolate, 10cc, earth wind and fire, Jackson 5, marvin gaye and stevie wonder and Clearly displayed on every song it's hard to deny that if you showed this record to someone without their knowledge of it being a record by bruno and paak theyd believe it came from 70s.Couldnt love this record anymore if I tried, such a breathe of fresh air I'll be giving it many re listens and you should too
A fun trip through the nostalgic music of Silk Sonic. It's an incredible vibe with every single song telling a story and at the same time being a great song. Definitely recommend this. Could very well be AOTYRecommendations: Leave The Door Open, After Last Night, Smokin Out The Window, Put On A Smile, & 777. Enjoy!
The production of the song was just elite. Well engineered Bruno and Anderson Paak dream was executed very well. The listeners will get a feel of happiness they experienced on making each and every song. Ruff yet groovy voice of Anderson and the smooth pop voice of Bruno worked very well.The RnB music was pretty fine. But some of the songs seemed to be similar to each other. But after all the 70s trend and the hard work of Silk sonic made this one of the finest pieces of the decade.
Mars' and Paak's chemistry and songwriting is incredible. A great mix of R&B, soul, funk and pop. Unfortunately, the album is a little too flat and soft at some points and one wishes for a little more imposing and voluminous rhythms and beats.All in all though, a great collaboration debut for Bruno and Anderson with a lot of Motown character. The 31 minutes of length fly by.My favorites:"Smokin Out the Window""Skate""After Last Night""Fly as Me"~ FürstenbergJanuary 17, 2022
An Evening with silk sonic is a great album!This album has a r&b feel with some amazing songs! Bruno Mars does a great job singing and Harmonising with Anderson Park Anderson shocked me with his incredible vocals
How could this be so underrated? One of the great debut releases of 2021. Great from start to finish. Has a great replay value, sated my hunger for RnB tracks and been enjoying it since last year.
Album has bangers, bops, and vibes from start to finish. A very great follow-up sophomore album.
she poured her whole heart and soul into this album truly her best project up to date
her best work to date, no doubt about it. a stunning album with 0 skips. if you say otherwise, clean your ears out.
a better follow up, besides being a great record on its own. hope it gets more reviews from more magazines
Amazing album and lyrics, it will never get boring or annoying, she knew what she was doing, the albums seems so well made and careful made
best r&b album of the year yuh, yuh, yuh summer is that GIRL
This album has excellent beats, amazing vocals, great lyrics, dancing bops and heartfelt ballads. A R&B masterpiece, literally, deserves a score higher than 90 for sure!
The quintessential rnb album is back and it has summer walker as it saviour. Remaining true to her core sounds and themes this time her heartbreak comes from the heart of a mother. Exploring themes of infidelity and abandonment it's her sharp vulnerability which makes casual rnb narratives so vivid. It's a stunning follow up that succumbs easily to monotony. The length bogs down the record into a dreary listen where song's don't just fade into eachother but seem like she pressed ctrl C for 22 tracks. The first half is stronger from the heartfelt voicemail of "bitter narration" to the fed up "broken promises" making for a solid outlier aoty contender in users lists but will mostly be absent on critics lists not limited to the genre.
Summer is a true gift to this generation. She poured her heart and soul into this project. A modern classic!
I hate being one to overreact but this album is quickly becoming one of my favorites of all time. Every track is great but there’s still some amazing standout moments.
While a solid sophomore return from Walker, this album suffers from a few generic fillers here and there that fail to live up to the potential we have seen from her earlier works. There is so much room for improvement here that Summer isn’t accessing.
The album of the year! Summer came for blood and nobody was ready for that, the vocals and production are all amazing, matching with the storyline. She is turning pain in healing!
This is in my opinion the best R&B that come out this year summer Walker knew exactly what she was doin When she made this masterpiece. Unloyal saxophone??? ARE YOU KIDDING?!?!?! She really did that Fav track: Unloyal & bitter & 4th baby mama
I don’t care what anyone says, Summer Walker came with baggage on the table and made a timeless 22 track album that shared her troubling life stories as a baby mother. Still Over It wasn’t as bold sonically as her debut album, Over It, however, it took more of a step forward lyrically. With inspiring words from Cardi B and Ciara, Summer made this an homage to all Baby Mother’s as Beyonce declared her unapologetic ode to dudes who didn’t deserve an independent woman such as herself, Queen Bey. And though Still Over It does not quite have the power such as Lemonade, Summer Walker sure has guided in the footsteps of her influences such as Beyoncé’s Lemonade, or an Erykah Badu Tyrone
Phenomenal project. Nearly every song is created with such care and the productions are out of the world. Really appreciate her ability to tell stories through lyrics on this album
Top 5: Bitter, 4th Baby Mama, Constant B******t, Throw It Away, Broken Promises. Album of 2021.
this album is amazing!! summer, once again, proved that she’s here to stay. the way she addressed all the BS that’s been going on with her life ever since she dropped “over it” just like we wanted >>>> “session 33”, “bitter”, “no love” and “screwin” are my favorite songs on the album so far, but if this album ages the way over it did, my favorite songs will keep changing every day, lol. so happy for you, summer!
admirable[ ad-mer-uh-buhl ]adjectiveworthy of admiration; inspiring approval, reverence, or affection.
This album is what R&B is about. It transmits peace and I dare to say that it is the best R&B album by a female artist since the legendary ‘Lemonade’
it's her best project ever, no doubt, zero skip, you can make any sence like sad, heartbreak, happy,...I love this **** so much, I'm literally obsessedbest tracks:BitterSession 33No LoveConstant Bull****4th baby mama
One of the best albums in today's time. She proved that rnb is safe in her hands. We love u summer! Keep streaming
The way Summer Walker talks through his music with his fans, and makes us reminisce somewhat depressing stories, is indescribable and surprising. Honestly, the best R&B album released this year!
Queen of RNB ate this up, best songs imo are 4th baby mama and Unloyal. One of the best (if not THE best) albums released this year
On her sophomore album "Still Over It" Summer Walker pours her heart out and gives free rein to all of her feelings. Contemporary R&B at its finest meets satisfying, eclectic melodies with soulful vocals and excellent beats.On top of that, there are very coherent feature acts and a honest, romantic and sometimes flirty storytelling from a woman with a broken heart. "Still Over It" is an emotional roller coaster ride without any serious weaknesses, only occasionally it is not quite determined, lucid and too whimsical.My favorites:"Unloyal""4th Baby Mama""No Love""Toxic""Bitter"~ FürstenbergFebruary 25, 2022
"Thank You" takes me to her "Take Me Higher" era in which Ms. Ross mixed her essential with new sounds, and this album is no exception, but in this case is a good effort for the eternal supreme of music. I'm not saying this is a bad album, not at all, it has strong moments, but it certainly has weak ones. It really is enjoyable.
Diana Ross is admirable for her enthusiasm. On the album, she excellently confirms that she still sings and phrases well. As the Rolling Stones review, the album recalls a time when pop was proud to be pop. In her generation, Diana is one of those who keeps up without losing her individuality. She continues her legendary career, many of the songs on this album sound familiar, referring to songs from past decades. In Just in Case Diana Ross shows her strong point in an emotional statement and recalls the days when The Lady Sings The Blues, for which she was nominated for an Oscar. The album is dramaturgically colorful and has a clear opinion: it does not want to be another messenger of bad news, it wants to be therapeutic, positive and uplifting after almost two years of global depression.
Diana Ross! Musically-uplifting the masses all-of-my-life & then some. Her newly released "Thank You" LP is by Diana-design - all-affirmations. On-point & on-purpose. Love is the appetizer, the entrée, and the desert. Listen with your heart & the songs may serve you in ways surprisingly fulfilling. Little did I know that "I Still Believe" would have my inter-generational family twirling-together and singing along. Big-FUN! Also dig the smartly-arranged title track, and "If The World Just Danced" with it's South African gqom-element another rousing surprise. My favorite may be the simple/intimate truth shared on the exquisitely sung - "Just In Case". (remember when the grammys would nominate album tracks?...exactly)"Count On Me", "Time To Call", "Beautiful Love" - all heartfelt & soul-full. "All Is Well", indeed! "In Your Heart", of course! ..In lieu of greetings cards - Diana Ross's new CD will line my close friends/family stockings this holiday season; 'Twill be a very special Thanksgiving "Come Together". And to The Truly-Legendary Miss Diana Ross, I just wanna say - "Thank You"!
Still has that unforgettable tone that set her apart from the other soul singers. Melodies abound on this offering and its a welcome respite from some of the music of today. Ross still has her gift and its grounded in old school Motown (Thank You) new club dance (If The World Just Danced) and futuristic pop funk (Tomorrow). The latter is one of the best cuts on the album and has been on repeat. The slow tempo songs have her lullaby tone that allows her to show off her understanding of a lyric and a mood. The song All Is Well is pure Diana Ross and judging from this album and the intactness of her voice after all these years it felt like a fitting title for this legend.
Let's get the bad news out of the way first: there is one bad song on this album. Based on what I've read elsewhere, I'll probably be in the minority, but I'm going to say it. "Come Together" is dreadful. She's in fine voice, the backup singers and musicians are great, the message is wonderful, but it is just horrible. It's way too preachy. I'm all for message songs, positivity and spreading love in the world, but this song should never have made it on the album. It just doesn't groove for me. And I'm a huge Diana fan! I worship her musicality: I have about a dozen of her albums framed in my living room. I have loved her for many decades, but I call it as I see it. Now that we've got that out of the way, let me get on with the good, make that great news! The other 12 songs are so, so very good! My personal favorite is Tomorrow. It's so unique for her and I truly hope it gets released as a single (in my humble opinion, it should have been the first released as it would have announced to the world that Diana is back!), they make a video for it (I have a great idea for one if you're listening Diana), and that someone at Decca wakes up and promotes this as it should be. Thank You, and If the World Just Danced are very good at making me want to move! Great lyrics for both, Thank You sounds the most like a throwback to Motown (a good thing) and I've been enjoying it since it's release. I Still Believe is probably my second favorite song on the album. Again, it's something different for Ms. Ross and I'm loving it every time I listen to it. Which has been a lot! Triangle Park is amazing because I also adore In Your Heart (the best mid-tempo song and what should have been the 2nd single after Tomorrow) and Let's Do It. Both are super fresh and get better with each listen. All is Well is good (it grows on me each time I hear it), but for my money, Time to Call should have been the first ballad released. It finds Diana in great voice and the melody is sublime. Count on Me and Just in Case are, at first, underrated, but with each listen, they get more and more under my skin (in a good way) and I find myself searching them out. Beautiful Love and The Answer's Always Love are also solid, modern ballads and they round out the album very well. In summary, 12 out of 13 songs that fall into my "love 'em" category is not bad. A lot of effort went into this album and it shows. I supremely (pun intended) hope this album sells well and shows that a 77-year old icon still has the moxie, the pipes and the vocal phrasing to make a hit album. I love this album now and will listen to it for the rest of my life and enjoy the mix of slow, mid and up-tempo songs; it's what Diana does best (mix it up) and I thank her for that!
The universal acclaim comes as a shock to me. It felt lazy. Sample after sample. Short length. Lyrical dryness. Idk it’s not bad it’s just not mind blowing or interesting in the slightest to me.
to hell with it feels genuine. A genuine talent creating music that is genuine to her and by showing the wide spectrum of her talent, PinkPantheress adds an extra sensation to her ‘viral sensation’ tag. Nestling perfectly within the current climate whilst also carrying its own charm, this is the start of something big.This album is amazing and perfect.
Listening to this album makes you feel like your in your own digital world. it’s a very well thought out short but perfect album, some of the newer tracks like “All my friends know” and “Nineteen” seem almost as they are a little bit different and set apart from the other tracks. although, this is the perfect debut album for an artist of her style. it’s new, it’s fresh, and it’s the new generation of music.
this mixtape is pretty neat in my opinion, the songs are really enjoyable and sound familiar yet new at the same time. the way she uses samples is honestly amazing and the production might at times sound barely there but the songs are really that good. 100% recommended.
Se siente como una copia descarada de Fka Twings & Grimes por último mal intento de Caroline Polacheck.
Every song feels like you’re in a music video, this is actually a masterpiece
Refreshingly honest, nostalgic and catchy. PinkPantheress is proving herself as a force to be reckoned with in music
PinkPantheress make a song longer than 2 minutes and 40 seconds challenge (IMPOSSIBLE)
It’s amazing and very much good for your ears. The way she’s sing, the samples are good.
Never heard of Jordan Rakei, until i saw the Metascore in the R&B Section. And i have to say, the Album is pretty awesome - from the lyrics, to the instrumentals and the whole vibe. Thats why i give it a 9 out of 10. He definitely deserves more recognition, just saw the streaming numbers on this album on Spotify and he will blow up in the next years for sure :)
Nao once again proves that she is an artist to look out for. This record is proof that talent is still present in a cluttered market of mediocrity. 2020 was a hell of a year for everyone on this planet and Nao does a beautiful job capturing the different emotions & experiences that individuals were having. Also lets not forget that uniquely dynamic voice that grabbed our attention in 2016 with "Bad Blood", it continues to grow stronger and be the center of all of Nao's follow-up records but this one especially. Some of the highlights for me were "And Then Life Was Beautiful, "Wait", "Postcards" feat Serpentwithfeet, and "Woman" feat Lianna La Havas.
This is the album of the year! Nao is amazing, and this record shows how beautiful her soul is.
É o melhor trabalho de Alessia Cara. O álbum explora diversos gêneros musicais, mas com uma coesão incrível. A escrita de Cara está a cada trabalho melhor, com certeza a artista ainda tem muito a mostrar,
In a cohesive work, Cara managed to recall her traces of originality since Know It All and brought us without a shadow of a doubt one of the best albums of the year
Since her last album, “The Pains of Growing”, Alessia Cara has grown very fast as a musician and songwriter and the choice of write down the entire album by her own is the proof of her capacity and maestri. In this new project, Cara showed all of her versatility as a interpreter and musician overall. Her Pop/Indie sound was the perfect choice to make a 18-songs-record lighter and brighter than any other else.
Ótimo álbum. Alessia explora outros estilos, fazendo-o bem mais interessante e complexo quando comparado aos dois primeiros. Um dos melhores do ano pra mim sem dúvida
I've always been a huge fan of Alessia Cara since 2015, but this album is just further away from any expectation I had. Completely awesome, incredibly amazing, astonishing album. I love her even more than before. Every song experiments with a style but still keeps the whole album cohesive and most of it, intimate. I'm a little bit sad it's not getting enough attention, but I can see the real fans falling with her since this album is so much more personal and will make you understand and love her even more. No doubts Alessia Cara is on her best days right now, and I'm sure she will continue to amaze us during the years, because Alessia is a True Artist, a true performer, fulfilled with talent and vulnerability. I just love her so much and this album is giving me life. THANK YOU ALESSIA, GOD BLESS YOU NOW AND FOREVER.
Not a bad album, but Alessia has put out albums that are much better than this.
One of the best pop albums of the year, and it was completely ignored by the GP and her label. disappointing
truly wonderful, the lyrics are stunning, real, honest and relatable. there’s something about alessia’s songs, something unique, that can truly convey her messages and meaning through her music!
excellent[ ek-suh-luhnt ]adjectivepossessing outstanding quality or superior merit; remarkably good.
The album's theme is about contrast, denoted by the stark orange and blue cover, and is perfectly represented by the shift in vulnerability and confidence between each song.
In the meantime is her best album and one of the best of the year, it's very versatile soundly, with a lot of duality in the lyrics
Alessia Cara's third album was the first to capture me and create a universe for herself with good music that has its own character and a good piece of music collection, with music that is relatively is relatively its own in a time of tick tock music. This album is a time capsule that shows where Alissia has experienced and is on the journey with the album and it goes to a personal piece of work many artists do not always agree with. even though I praise so much it does not mean the album does not have its less bad sides like many songs that do not capture one or remind too much of each other.Fav tracks:Drama QueenShapeshifterFishbowlApartment Song
Alessia Cara's songwriting ability is out of this world, and this album solidifies her place in the elite songwriters league. Her angelic voice adds to the virtuosic display exhibited on this album. What à masterpiece!
In The Meantime is a solid album, with well written tracks, but it isn't her best work. I expected better from her, but nonetheless, it's a great album.
Allesia Cara tackles the struggles of her life in a post-Covid world with her album, In the Meantime. An inside look into what she describes as the time between living and dying and a follow-up to her thoughtful 2017 release, Growing Pains. Allesia once again displays an incredible talent in tackling the uglier parts of herself and her mental endurance, while still maintaining a jovial and soulful listening experience that at times leaves listeners feeling more in tune with themselves and understood in a parasocial way. From her issues with insomnia and her fear of death to her telenovela-worthy love life, In the Meantime has at least one song that will connect with your being in a tracklist with few skips and noteworthy highs. What makes her such an admirable figure to many is the comfort she takes in her music and her message, which is conducted with maturity and complexity.In what Allesia describes in her album as her journey as "twenty-something" she unintentionally spreads meaningful imagery of life and love that I couldn't admire more.In the Meantime earns its spot as a successor to Growing Pains and cements Allesia in my mind as a lyricist of note.An album everyone should listen to in their meantime.
Nashe might just pop it on a handstand and she did that and then some with this album! Angels, ICSTF, 333, The Chase, and X are all phenomenal and highly recommended!
Tinashe delivered everything in this record, never failing to amaze fans. An artist that deserved more recognition.
Tinashe entregou um álbum maravilhoso! R&B um pouco alternativo de qualidade!
Great album with some upbeat songs, some beautiful ballads & some R&B amazing tracks. Tinashe really can do everything.
There is an evolution to the Tinashe we left in Songs For You. Here, you hear a girl more focused on her music, on her aura, on what surrounds her. Life itself is a challenge and it's a stage to show what you are made of. I used to believe (WRONG) that Tinashe was some hit-maker, but I realized in time that she was forced to be. Through 333, you can see material that would have been impossible to hear under RCA; something that only she would have thought of. The transition from "Shy Guy" to "Bouncin '" can blow you away. "Last Call" is the heartbreaking anthem I needed. Can't talk about "Pasadena" because I'd write a lot, believe me. I'll only say that it has been difficult for me to choose 5 songs to recommend ... What if I better recommend the entire LP?fav tracks: "X", "Bouncin'", "Unconditional", "Let Me Down Slowly" & "Small Reminders"KEY-TRACK: "333"
Tinashe mais uma vez entregando vocais, coerência e aclamação, bíblia R&B.
This album is incredible! Angels, small reminders, unconditional, the Chase! Aoty I fear!
Um álbum simplesmente divino, a Tinashe entregou tudo nele, um R&B viciante impossível de deixar de ouvir
this album is sooo good omg i love the experimental touches. its a masterpiece.
so good her best album to date. it makes a great story and the music is perfect
This is her best album so far. X is so fkn good and The Chase and Angels are also highlights 4 me.
É uma álbum maravilhoso. Tinashe se jogou completamente no R&B. Nenhum defeito.
Great album, missing one more catchy song but flawlessly constructed! Her production shines through as always, The Chase is a favourite
This album is incredible! Tinashe has grown so much as an artist. The vocals and cohesiveness of the album are just some of the factors that make it so good!
A non skip album after she went indipendent and a masterpiece. Experimental sounds, her vocals and lyrics
loved every track!!! tinashe NEVER fails like istg everyone better move their @$$ and but and stream this masterpiece
A cohesive and no skips album. Listening to It everyday since the release day. Her best body of work!
This album is a journey. It is a reflection of Tinashe finding herself back on the path she set out for herself. With 333, Tinashe effectively ties together the theme of reality she has so intricately intertwined throughout her projects since Reverie. Tracks like I Can See The Future and X showcase her more braggadocios side flowing into eclectic, experimental side in title track 333. Tinashe takes you into the pop side of her with tracks like Undo and The Chase, the former has the singer sliding across a smooth production akin to that of The Weeknd’s latest album. As the album takes its journey to the end, we find ourselves reaching a point of clarity in a sense with standout track Small Reminders and the aptly-titled closing track, It’s a Wrap. 333 will take you on a journey in which you experience highs and lows, while coming to terms with the idea that everything happened for a reason and you’re moving in the direction you need to, even if it hurts. With a music career, which includes a stint in girl group The Stunners, spanning over 10 years, 333 marks the beginning of a new era where Tinashe relishes in her independence and shows once again, she will not be ignored & with an honest listen, you won’t be able to.
The details of the sound are impeccable, from the Aquarius sound, to 80’s and bringing us back to this century. It’s powerful words and inner spirit adventure this album takes you in is absolutely the best album of the year
One of the best albuns that i ever heard, Tinashe did what nobody expect!!! Tinashe deserve so much more!!!
Álbum bacana, gostoso de ouvir. Bouncin é a melhor do álbum. Recomendo pra quem curti um R&B e Pop meio alternativo!
One of the best R&B albuns i ever heard, Tinashe is so underrated she deserves everything
One thing about Tinashe, she doesn't do the same thing over and over again, The girl is adventurous when it comes to her music, always looking for ways to reinvent herself and is always experimenting, this is by far one her greatest projects
Unconventional. Captivating. Angelic. Tinashe elevates the alternative sound melting melodically stunning tracks with haunting vocals and vice-versa, an overall well thought out lineup and aesthetic. Power move by this independent artist, also boasting a proud visual catalog along with this era.Top 3: Undo (Back To My Heart) feat. Wax Motif, Bouncin and X feat. Jeremih.Critic Score: 8.4/10
It seems like Prince just finished this album within the year as some of the material seems so current to today although he passed in 2016. It is chock full of Prince in all his glory I expect many singles from this one solid production with backing vocals i.e Hot Summer and the the title track but Prince fans young and old will love it!
Who else can bury a completed album in a literal vault, under a pile of other completed albums, and do so knowing that even more music was available to pull from his talents at a moments notice. Prince. That’s the only answer. “Welcome 2 America” is staggering in how prophetic (or astute) he was in 2010 to the things that we all would be dealing with in 2021. The messages are there. But the music… oh my, the music. Come for the learnings, stay for the pure joy of instrumentation and vocals unmatched. Real music by real musicians,”indeed. Welcome 2 brilliance.
This is a good not great Prince album. I think he knew it or he would have released it. Although his work in the 2000s and 2010s was uneven, there were a lot of gems, even if he wasn't the best at self-promotion during that time. Albums such as Musicology, 3121, Lotusflow3r and Hit'n'Run 2 are all better albums, although this one does tower above TwentyTen and Hit 'n'Run 1 and is better and more funkier than Art Official Age. The best thing about it is is really does sound like it was recorded today - it is incredibly timely. The title song is a knockout, as is 1000 Light Years from Here. Despite inconsistency, every album he's ever done contains classic tunes.
5 years after Prince's unfortunate death, his label released a posthumous album under his name full of music that's been unreleased for 11 years, and it's great. Though the irony lyric-wise was constant in some tracks, they're full of some great Prince vocal performances and even some from the backing vocalists, and solid lyrics. Even though they were written a long time ago, it was totally relevant when released this year, for it speaks about discrimination, something we've been hearing about on the news in the past 12 months.
I'm going to repeat some things I've heard others say, that I agree with. Cohesive. Solid. Thoughtful lyricism. I was not initially as excited for this album. The first 2 tracks I'd heard did not excite me...the title cut and Born 2 Die. However, they worked much better within the context of the album. Very interesting lyrics....some try to make it sound like he was prophetic with all the media attention George Floyd received and so much of the album's songs being about race and America's misdeeds. I laugh b/c it's the media that caught on in 2020, the misdeeds and Floyd incidents have been happening throughout all of American history...Prince knew this. He was a black man. ...something that's often overlooked due to his appearance. Overall, I think this is a surprisingly super album. The usual fantastic playing on songs like Check the Record, muted guitars on some tracks, the usual excellent vocals.... The album also includes the original versions of 1000 Light Years Away and When She Comes. The former was included in part on the back half of Black Muse on his last album, Hit and Run Phase 2. A diff version of When She Comes came out on that Phase 2 to album too. Amazing he could change the same song to be so different and more amazing for us, that he took the time to do so many revisions. Of everything, what I found most amazing are the lyrics. It is obvious he was a thoughtful artist and as he got older, delved deep into his own history. His observations on race, historical figures and black Americans repeatedly getting the short end...are not news to me but to hear a master musician make it sound this good....only Prince. Sadly, it feels that we lost him much too early. He seemed to be returning to to centre from his conservative leanings of the early 2000s.This guy had a lot more to say. I really hope people get the set...the Blu ray live show actually is the real gem in the set.
You can't review this album like a normal Prince release. He chose to shelve it - why? we'll never truly know? maybe its not finished but whatever the reason is - he didn't want it out there. I prefer it to 20ten from the same year so am surprised it sat in the shelf in many ways. I see this release as bonus prince we all desperately want and choose to feel happy about it in every sense because we might have never heard it and am just grateful. objectively Prince has got a concoction of some great songs namely - W2A, Born 2 Die, same page different book, rin tin tin and a couple of others that are good but not amazing like check the record (this sounds like more of a hit and run song though) .. a solid album in that sense, the theme and lyrics give this extra points so just be happy we get to have this in our lives .. I am - and be happy prince tried to do something different and Curtis esc.ok - this album has some **** on it like hot summer which is also out of place . but that's ok we love prince for all his facets - remember don't judge the bad songs because prince didn't want you to hear them, none of the skips are that offensive and would have probably sounded great live.
Four great tracks on this album, 1000 Lights Years, When She Comes, One Day We Will All B Free, and 1010 Rin Tin Tin. Yes, and Stand Up and B Strong are growers. Check The Record and Same Page, Different Book are decent. The rest I can take or leave, but a better album than I expected.
As an avid fan of Prince for over 30 years, and through all eras snd styles of his music, I was apprehensive of what to expect from this album. I am glad to say, I needn’t have worried, as it is a cracking record with a mix of really meaningful and memorable songs. Every one on the album get more addictive with each listen.Still miss his amazing concerts but ‘new’ music from the genius, is some consolation 10/10!
Prince always surprises us, this time with a full album, one of his best works of the last decade, political, sensual, fun, it is a rainbow of emotions and melodies with prevalence of soul, funk and at times with a melodious pop
Durand Jones and the Indications are true soul masters. They are one tight band with two amazing vocalists, and have an uncanny ability to take in the classic sounds of soul and put them in a modern context. This album is no exception, although it is slightly less perfect than their last album American Love Call. With this album, they are infuenced by mid 70's funk and disco, although Witchoo adds some hip-hop grooves. It is one of the best songs they've ever recorded, as is Love Will Work It Out. Other than that, the tunes on here are a bit more mellow, and the harmonies don't seem as prevalent. Aaron Frazer's falsetto is more front and center as well - and I love his voice - but Durand seems to be a little less utilized this time. Small complaints - overall, this is a great album and I've had it on repeat for days.
Almost a nine out of ten. Definitely fulfilling and very pleasant album to listen to. Terrific instrumentals, movements, vibe and production. All tracks are varied and Ricky Reed and Nate Mercereau made an incredible work here by giving this LP its own particular pace, sound and artistic direction. Bridges' voice is as amazing as compelling and soft. Featured artists are great, especially both piano and saxophone from Terrace Martin on 'Sweeter' and Ink's feminine voice on 'Don't Worry'.What made me unfortunately lower the score is the subjects approached in 'Gold-Diggers Sound'. Almost all tracks are about that R&B broken-hearted lover-type of lyrics. If the instrumentation and atmosphere surrounding the record is immaculate (and I didn't even write anything about the marvelous instrumental outro of 'Born Again' nor the sweet 'Gold-Diggers (Junior's Fanfare)' tracks), it somehow felt like lyrical content was honestly underwhelming. Significant efforts are to be expected on this side. Still this remains a solid and impressive album.
Deftly weaving elements of jazz and R&B into his established neo-soul sound, Bridges' honeysweet voice proves as much a match for this more sultry, low-key and almost noir-ish experience as his more spirited previous releases and suggests an interesting, more introspective new direction to come from him moving forward.
Overall a great body of work! Such a different vibe from Leon's past projects as this one has more pop-r&b elements but the old soul and blues in Leon's vocals have always been there.
Leon fez o seu melhor álbum em questão de lírica até aqui com um perfeito perfeccionismo sônico.
Punchy, fun and beautifully constructed, ‘Pink Noise’ is the triumphant sound of Laura Mvula finding her feet. A career-defining return that most artists can only dream of; pure synth-pop ecstasy.
I just got the vinyl and couldn't wait to put it on. From the first track to the last there is a wide range of wonderful sounds taking us back to the nostalgia of the 80's. At the same time the album manages to give us something new for the era we live in, making it an excellent listening experience. Well done Laura. Love you much!
It is fantastic to see Laura back with Pink Noise! This album oozes confidence, with funky beats filtered effortlessly through that undeniable Mvula lens. It’s a must-listen with the power to get you dancing and, in places, feeling more reflective. Welcome back Laura Mvula!
Pink Noise revels in the freedom of moving beyond stress for something peaceful, adding yet another layer to Mvula's already-rich tapestry of sound.
I loved Sing to the Moon but this one was a huge disappointment. A singer with a great voice chooses to drown her voice in over the top synths and autotune. Lots of rave reviews for this, but I guess you have to love Love LOVE 80's synth pop to get this.
Eu gosto, mas definitivamente não é grandioso, esperava mais em relação a lírica e tal, é um álbum mediano na medida do possível.
Podre
It is very gelatinous, exquisite in its own kind. Do you know something? If there is one thing Laura have never done, it has been to disappoint me. She knows how to deliberate excellent tunes under a new conception in each era. Pink Noise is her best work to date; never before has it brought me as much euphoria as I do now.fav tracks: "Remedy", "Conditional", "Golden Ashes", "Magical" & "Got Me"KEY-TRACK: "Pink Noise"
A massive brilliant with 70-80 stylish pop renaissance this 2021.Wonderful vocals, blending with chorus sort of electro and energetic! Absolutely vibrant and brilliant!
Nine is a masterpiece!! so sad it'll be up for only 83 more days. I really hope people get to hear and enjoy this beautiful record. Cleo your vocal on alcohol broke my heart, as someone with past substance abuse I could connect with every lyric.
This ephemeral experience that plays as an exploration of spontaneity sounds like a well of uncomfortable emotions floating to the surface, limp.
Nine is just a sublime album from start to finish. This is also one of the few album that made me cry and laugh, I just can't help but laugh my ass off on Are You From London. It's a great experience listening to this album, like watching a movie, the story/plot just hooks you in and make you empathize
It 's a very different project from Untitled, and I cannot let go of it. Sault has been one of the greatest discoveries I had in the past year. Maybe it'll grow a little more in me. Maybe not. All I know is that time is ticking because the band agreed to LEAVE IT IN OUR HANDS FOR 99 DAYS ONLY. UNFAIR."fav tracks: "Trap Life", "Fear", "Alcohol", "Light's in Your Hands" & "You from London"KEY-TRACK: "Bitter Streets"
Though not as vivid as Choose Your Weapon, this album is by far their cleanest and most thoughtful project yet.
Amazing! H.E.R. continues to prove she is a musical force lyrically and sonically. Showing off these skills in her first LP, H.E.R. has a long-lasting career in this industry. Highlights include the sultry "Come Through" featuring Chris Brown, "For Anyone," and "Bloody Waters." H.E.R. highlights her versatility as a songwriter coming fresh off her Grammy and Academy Awards releasing an astounding debut album.
This album is a masterpiece!!! H.E.R. is versatile, sensible and confident on this new project. Worth the wait!!!
H.E.R has a beautiful voice and the production of the album is very decent, but 21 songs for this album is too much, after a few tracks it gets boring. It has some consistent tracks tho.
A solid album by H.E.R. it shows that she is not just one thing, very versatile and brilliant. From the magnificent opening number "We Made It" with the goosebumps-giving guitar solo, old school R&B title track and lead single "Damage", a hip-hop leaning track "Find a Way" with Lil Baby, jazz inspired track "Don't", to her signature R&B sounds but done differently on tracks like "Process", "My Own" and "Exhausted".
The best work. Some songs reminded me D'Angelo's work. And I say this as a compliment.
expected more than a debut album, H.E.R ran away from the vibe of compilations and this can cause strangeness, despite being an eclectic album, it lacks the excess of tracks and feats (none female)
Deep sounds and a persuasive voice. Appreciated R&B work. Honestly maybe a little too dark, but a very good evolution of an artist worthy of Oscar awards
H.E.R really made a great album here, most of the record shines with calm, sasynes and great rhythms and tunes... But, somehow this album is too long without having the need to be this long. At least 4 to 5 songs here are really really forgettable. I truly belive this album could have been a straight A+ only If the tracklist was better well put togheter Overall, a good debut album that is not trying to be that pretentious, but more lowkey great, fun, and intimate.
Great album, but its length was too long. It expresses hesitance by recurring motifs of regret and vivid darkness and dreams that harkens much of the album.
algumas são mto boas, mas tem uns skip também kkkk eu esperava um pouco mais de R&B
There's no denial H.E.R. is one of the best R&B artists to date. This album proves herself as a force, sonic and lyrically. The only thing is that for me this shouldn't be such a long album. By the time the 17th song is playing we feel the same way as her, exhausted, and it still haves 24 minutes to go. There's no bad music in here (with the exception of the DJ Khaled featuring, which despite being slightly better than the original it still sucks and shouldn't be here) but i can think of 3 or 4 songs that could be cut off or left for a deluxe version.
H.E.R Guardem esse nome! Ela entregou tudo nessa obra-prima. Fez boas escolhas de posicionamento das faixas, é extremamente coeso além de entregar uma perfeita performance vocal e com boa produção. Só não ganha a nota máxima por conta da duração do álbum que podia ser encurtada com a exclusão de umas duas faixas, que não atrapalham a coesão da obra, mas podiam ser excluídas...
Perfeito como tudo oque a Orcar-Winner se propõe a fazer. Uma obra prima, se preparam que esse álbum vai varrer os Grammys 2022
It's enjoyable to keep tracking her music.Some songs sounds like they talk to you. Some others are just ok or boring to listen to.I personally enjoy: Back of My Mind, Come Through and Hold On above all others.
In this project, H.E.R. finds herself remaining loyal and true to the stripped down, seductive, and vulnerable sound she's most known for whilst displaying a growth to the texture of her arrangements. The album flourishes with addicting sounds from tracks like 'Process' and 'Bloody Waters', will have you in your feels with tracks like 'For Anyone', 'Don't' and the painfully beautiful 'Hard to Love'. As expected with an LP this lengthy, she ventures with a few tracks into some unexpected territory with some paying off. But in its entirety, the highs of the album far outclass its only two lows. It is the closest one could ever recommend to an encyclopedia of modern contemporary RnB music. We might just have an RnB album grammy worthy album on our hands.
The evolution of every song is so different to what we know Jorja to sound like very excited for her new album
heartwarming and very enjoyable, this is a very good jorja project, though not perfect
what gets for me here is the evolution for every song. this ep has no skips, you can listen to it on a regular basis and have a really nice time. jorja is one of the strongest rnb names in the presence. you should really give this girl a try
Be Rigth Back is one of the best releases of this year. Jorja bring all her feelings in every song every lyric, I'm really proud of her.
Jorja Smith proved once again that she is a great singer and songwriter, the music she gave us on this EP is beautiful and shows that she is growing as an artist, and she is only 24 years old. Happy to say she is on the right track.
It's so bad for real, I thought I will be one of the greatest albums but it ended being one of wors album I've heard, I could even listened the whole thing
Amzing as always . Everything in this album is connected and sonically perfect
To be completely honest, I can't find the memorable thing about this album. It is simplistic (?); perhaps he wanted to play it as a minimalist to focus on the lyrical message, but that did not help to develop the concept of Deacon. I feel disappointed after having such high expectations for it. I can suddenly celebrate the frankness with which he talks about queer love, but it's like a baby who has been put on the most beautiful little shoes in the world, and hasn't been taught to walk yet.favorite tracks: "Malik", "Heart Storm", "Derrick's Bear", "Amir" and "Fellowship"KEY-TRACK: "Sailors' Superstition"
not impressed by the album but great effort hopefully it can get better next time.
Absolutely stunning piece of work & oozes out like warm honey. Album of the year worthy 10/10
simply, it's a work of masterpiece with such otherwordly, heartfelt voice felt deep inside. fav. tracks: malik, amir, old & fine and highlight "sailors' superstition". one of the most memorable albums of 2021.
A delightful experience that teaches people the right to love and that queer poc also deserve recognition!
"Obviously" is Lake Street Dive's best album since "Bad Self Portraits" (but they hav e yet to produce a bad album. The American Songwriter critic who related their songs to Steel Dan without the snarky humor seems to miss the self-deprecating (self-snarky?) humor that the band's best songs have. Their overall sound is tight and loose at the same time, with one of the great singers in today's pop scene. Why they aren't bigger than 99% of the schlock music that I hear on the radio is surprising to me.
I think that this is one of the best albums i have ever heard. the lyrics is very good and the chorus is not the same al the time. The sound is very good. I think the video clips are cool too. I am a long time fan of Ghetts but this really is his best album. I really love it. I think that this is a must have if youre a big music fan. It's not that expensive to for such a good album. My new favourite album!
Legendary album. He’s really come far as an artist. I hope this gets him his first number 1 album.
Cool My new Favorite, This one has great Music is one of my Favorite albums, its just GREAT I love it
Básico,genérico,vacío crudo repetitivo una basura honestamente la realidad superó a la ficción pero de una forma sumamente barata
I find most of this album to be excellent, with great beats and complex bars most of the songs are a good listen, the only issue I have is that there are a fair few, average songs, and even a few skipable ones, such as the Ed Sheeran track
It's a strong album but Ghetts doesn't have the versatility, delivery, flow or ambition that Little Simz does.Strong album, like Psychodrama. And also like Dave's debut, the near-universal acclaim is perplexing
I have never heard of Ghetts, and after that album probably I won't try listen to his music.
Poignant, introspective, funny and thought out. Despite an ill chosen ed Sheeran feature this album comes off as a collaborative effort as much as it does a stellar sophomore grime album. They've elevated the genre by attaching new ones. The south african laden "Mozambique " explores police brutality and racism with the levity of a hotbox smoke session. Ghetts doesn't allow himself to get lost in the versatility of each song nor do his verses become stagnant. Favourites: Mozambique
I liked it. It's really fluid, an album that is from start to finish well together, also versatile, not boring, not gimmicky. The first three or so songs were really energetic.
a very very good album, but not as good that the critics say..............
Ghetts has put together a fantastic project with a consistent and diverse array of music that will keep you entertained throughout. This album isn't perfect, but it catches you and grows on you thanks to engaging lyrics, a range of subjects, and good guest appearances.
one of the greatest pieces of art of all time, on par with all of leonardo da vinci's and pablo picasso's paintings combined, beatles could never
No me quedo con muchas ganas de volverlo a escuchar, tan solo de escucharlo 1 vez me basto
bah cool album just that, i dont get why this is the best of the 2021 boring as hell
utterly moving and introspective of one of the grime greats, definitely one of the best releases world wide for 2021
It’s a crime that I only just now discovered Celeste because this album is a masterpiece!! I am in awe!! Definitely one of the best albums I have listened to in a long long time
I was expecting something even better for a debut for an artist with such an amazing voice. I guess "Not Your Muse" is fine.
Power and sensuality, strength and tenderness and delicious melody. Talented work of a true artist. Do you need something else?
That's a unexpected and misterious album. Its a full of historys, a few songs are telling us a cleary menssage, others talk about feelings and love. But when you heard it you can understand it all. The sound its the key, its the assamble to connect all. Its fine, mellodic, gorgeous. Natural, without expectations. Celeste's voice its to good that fulls to well. Some songs that no shines to well by themselvs, but when you push it togheter, are precious. At this moment, i devoted to this. Give me so chills and makes me want to express my thoughts with a guitar. So cool and authentic. I'm seeing brilliant future for herTop's for me: Ideal Woman, Tell Me Something I don't Know, Not Your Muse, A Kiss, Father's Son
This is my introduction to Celeste, a British-Jamaican-American singer. Probably my newest sensation in the next few days, weeks, or months. Wondering why? Her voice reminds me a lot of Rebecca Ferguson, one of the many British talents wasted by X Factor and Sony Music. Her artistic line falls within the same circle as Duffy, early Adele, Amy Winehouse and Joss Stone, the curators between British pop and soul. An honest, impeccable, sweet and admirable work. Wouldn't it be nice if all albums were like this? Indeed, although somewhat utopian, and diversity is necessary, since there are contrasting audiences. Meanwhile, we can continue to enjoy all the fruits that Celeste brings us in an unconsciously vigorous way.favorite tracks: "Tell Me Something I Don't Know", "Beloved", "Ideal Woman", "The Promise" and "Some Goodbyes Come with Hellos"KEY-TRACK: "Not Your Muse"
Sin duda alguna "Not Your Muse" es el mejor álbum que puede haber en lo que va del 2021, Llevo escuchando a Celeste desde hace un año (desde que saco "Stop This Flame") y su voz es demasiado hermosa, pegadiza y muy diferente a la de las demás artistas lo que hace que resalte mas. En verdad "Not Your Muse" me ha sorprendido mucho y no lo dejo de escuchar a cada rato.
"Something about love, and how complex and heartbreaking it could be"Celeste voice defines very well the tone of the album, the strength to keep your love, the harsh the love can leave you down, and the sweet melodies to shows that it all worth in the end.And it's even more implied by the change of genres to the softness of the Soul, the swing of Pop, the power of R&B and the sadness of Heartbreaking songs.
This album is incredible! A true artist with an amazing voice that transcends the same way Adele and Amy do.
"The Vocal really breaks the perspective"This album by his own is already delightful, but the vocals is the topping of the cake.Aaron soft falsetto matches so well to Soul music, conflicting with R&B, compensated by a clearly and poweful timbre.The lyrics are fine, it's not excepcional, but it's chatchy for sure, it have his moments.
Brand new, you're retro.Which at times, can be absolutely fine. But this is way too retro.Well crafted and classy. Aggreable listen. Fine background.Fetch the next one when it's over.
This is the type of album that I could listen while I'm on a rest. Not quite impress with the initial tracks but Aaron Frazer brought me to heaven in the end because of Leanin' On Your Everlasting Love. One of the best albums of 2021. It really is.
The EP is epic, there is story line, there are characters, there is a climax. Jazmine has this ability to hit you right in the gut with her vocals, including her gift of song writing. I believe every word she sings and writes. I love the features on the EP as well, Ari, HER and Anderson did a really good job of adding to the stories on this record.
Though brief, with a runtime of just over 30-minutes, the EP shows Sullivan crafting a complete constellation of love and loss.
I am super glad that Jazmine decided to go back to music. I was missing her cadence and smart lyrics, her perfect runs and riffs, and of course her wonderful and humorous voice!
this new project from jazmine comes with the highest level, eclectic, mature, melodic, just shows her talent
This EP is simply amazing! Jazmine's voice is on point and her singing skills are still completely heavenly.
I know Jazmine said that this project technically “isn’t an album,” but it’s so good that it might as well be
Wow. This album is great . I'll admit the first listen didn't affect me as much as the lead single but once i digested it i understood it's brilliance . The first great album if 2021 although definitely to weak to be an AOTY contender it's sure to occupy many latter halves of year end lists.
Great story telling, even though it’s an EP I just wanna call it an album. She’s very sexual with this effort, showing a side of her that I’ve never seen or heard before. Can’t stop playing it
An amazing EP. Jazmine is one of the best storyteller I've ever heard. The way she shows the other side of that common situation is out of this world. 10/10
Such a beautiful, beautiful body of work. This has got to be Jazmine's bet work to date. The Recording Academy must seal this for an AOTY nomination at least. Period.
Wow! This is my first album of hers I've listened to and I’m very impressed. She gets very personal with discussing the power and politics of sex. She addresses the power of reclaiming her body, the regrets of cheating, and unapologetically getting memorized by some good dick. The spoken interludes help reinforce the meaning of the songs and make it a powerful listen. Her vocals are absolutely killer throughout the whole thing. Her tone has this maturity to it while still feeling very free and incontrol. “Heaux Tales'' has a perfect mix of emotional and catchy. “Pick Up Your Feelings'' is a strong and confident “dumping of a loser” anthem, while on “Lost Ones”, her emotion about not wanting her ex to fall in love again is so strong she almost sounds like she’s holding back tears. This is the best r&b album I’ve heard in awhile.Score: 8/10Best Tracks: Pick Up Your Feelings, Lost Ones, The Other Side, On It, Put It DownWorst Tracks: Price Tags
Where do I even start? I don't think anything is gonna top this EP this year. I can't stop listening, everything is just so concise and perfect. The tales, ah the tales, amazing, showstopping, inspiring, and everything nice. The songs structured to fit as many women's situation? Talk about inclusion. Damn does it get better than this? Yes, the vocals Lord Jesus! I appreciate Jazmine so much. Y'all better give this woman her flowers right now. Heaux Tales, 100/10.
"It's a album to not be bored"There's so much going on in this album, that it would take a least thirty minutes to write a descent review of this album.It's a rich and diverse songwriting divided in a comfort zone sound that doesn't have fear to experiment, accompanied of meaningful lyrics and conversation about feminism and how sex is not just a man achievement.
Heaux Tales is a very good piece of work. The interludes (tales)which basically make half of the playlist introduce the tracks and they basically help to give a better understanding of the tracks. The themes of heartbreak, sex ,money and success are all woven together pretty well. The 3 guests Anderson, Ari Lennox and HER are all great. The Other Side is my personal favorite-she tackles the themes of fame and success in a somewhat cynical and funny way. Its a breath of fresh air. Great vocals and production as well.
I like how the "tale" tracks supports the succeeding tracks like it was a story-telling music composition. Pick Up Your Feelings is the best track of the album. Not quite impressed lyrically but has a good production.
A wonderful project that is carefully constructed and put together. Jazmine once again effortlessly shows her vocal ability and steps outside of her usual production box. The story line and message is nonchalant and just badass!
It's very ambitious about the storytelling through the album, but the songs are not so catchy.
BEAUTIFUL R & B album. Concise, great sound and incredible vocals. Pick Up Your Feelings is a favourite for me
I was really looking forward to listening to Jazmine Sullivan's Heaux Tales, a concept EP that has been gaining a lot of attention as we approach the end of the year. Heaux Tales delves at Black women's sexuality in a nuanced and sensitive approach, highlighting the possibilities for power, agency, beauty, and sacredness. In a world shaped by anti-Black and misogynist sexual politics, this is a crucial message, and Sullivan masterfully incorporates it into her music on Heaux Tales. Musically, the songs are passable nu-R&B/soul, produced in part by indie R&B icon Dev Hynes, and interspersed with interview vignettes with Black women in Sullivan's life discussing their sexual experiences. Heaux Tales is a full-fledged album with everything: concept, lyrics, production, and performances.
Out of the blue, Jazmine Sullivan takes us into a world of dirty money, heartbreaking affairs, and empowering anthems with a unique point of view. It’s truthful, personal, and deeply moving. If the only bad side could be how short it is, it doesn’t remove anything from how great of an album it is.
more like 6.5 but there isn't an option for that. a lot of the songs were typical ty sounding beats which doesn't necessarily mean its a bad thing but he approaches sounds like a random guitar riff. songs like Temptations, track 6 and universe stood out the most out of this 25 song album. a big list of features but barely any quality coming out is just a waste of listening time.
Richfull arrangements, sometimes with marching sounding with some beautiful layered harmonies and vocal. In fair world this album shoud got 9 Grammy nominations instead of annouyng Beyonce who relead just one song
( 95/100 )SAULT tiene mucho que presentar de si mismo. Se me hace injusto que un colectivo con el tamaño de su voz sea tan poco reconocido, distribuido y hablado en estos días. El público que se merece y la marca que dejará en la historia de la música es gigante, simplemente es necesario voltear a ver a SAULT y todo lo que está haciendo por el mundo, por contar su historia y ofrecer un momento de introspección y expresión espiritual. En el 2020 SAULT publicó dos albumes, el primero fue "Untitles (Black Is)" en Junio, una urgente voz de ayuda desesperada y autoestima totalmente necesaria ante los actos cometidos a George Floyd y el movimiento generado, que muy bien podría ser uno de los himnos del activismo. Más tarde en Septiembre publicarían la segunda parte de esta voz con una intención de liberación y fuerza compartida a través de un sonido Afrodisiaco y carnavalesco con una energía pura que se usará para los próximos gritos de victoria y éxito en los movimientos sociales. Si "Untitle (Black Is)" es el presente, "Untitled (Rise)" es el futuro, lleno de paz, armonía y verdad. Este proyecto, el colectivo completo y el movimiento musical se le agradece a Inflo, o Dean Wynton Josiah, quien dirige y produce estas hermosas e increíbles obras. En ambos albumes se desenvuelve un Psychedelic-Soul con divertido Funk, una deliciosa samba Samba y hermosas texturas de Istrumental que agregan sensibilidad al arco narrativo y discursos del proyecto todo encerrado en un R&B inteligente. En pocas palabras, un precioso proyecto tan original que este podría ser el comienzo de una nueva corriente musical.-SAULT has a lot to present of themselves. It’s unfair that a collective with the size of their voice is little well known, distributed, and spoken these days. The public they deserve and the mark that it will leave in the history of music is big. Simply it’s necessary to turn and see SAULT and all they are doing for the world, for telling its story and offer a moment of introspection and spiritual expression. In 2020 SAULT released two albums, the first one was “Untitled (Black Is)” in June, an urgent voice of desperate help and very needed self-esteem upon the committed acts to George Floyd and the movement generated that it might be very well one of the activist hymns. Later in September they would release the second part of that voice with an intention of liberation and shared strength through an aphrodisiac and Carnaval pure energy that will be used for the next shouts of victory and success in social movements. If “Untitled (Black Is)” is the present “Untitled (Rise)” is the future, full of environment, harmony, and truth. This project, the whole collective, and the musical movement are thanks to Inflo or Dean Wynton Josiah, who directs and produces these incredible and precious pieces. In “Untitled (Rise)” can be heard a Psychedelic Soul with fun Funk, a delicious Samba, and beautiful textures of instruments that add sensibility to the narrative arc and the speeches of the project. All inside of an intelligent R&B. A gorgeous project, so original, this might be the beginning of a new musical wave.
This was my album of the year, coupled with the earlier released Untitled (Black is) it strikes a perfect balance of creative musical expression and literary relevance. It's the soundtrack for 2020.
Brilliant album, not sure how it flew under the radar of almost all critics? Funky soul with a political message
Wow. So relevant to our current reality. Each song says the same thing but is so interesting with each one. This album lives up to the graduer of untitled (black is) without being repetitive. Thess r artists at they peak. The album shares the black identity of the previous release but like the title suggests;it's about perseverance, survival. This tells of the feelings of bring black whilst the former assessed the experiences
An amazing album full of hidden treasures. A gift for her fans! Cool On You should be a single.
Despite her having those songs locked in her vault for a long time, they still managed sound fresh, thank you Mariah for sharing this with us! This album is amazing.
Amazing, these should have been part of their respective albums. I mean not all of it is her best work, most would be average or just below on her albums, but there are some highlights that would have been great on their respective albums like Mesmerized on Me I Am Mariah, or Here We Go Again on Mariah Carey
The best way to learn about Mariah's legacy is through her music and with The Ratities, old and new listeners can get to know Mariah at her finest. Every song is pure gold, and make you wonder how come such great tunes, didn't make the final cut to her albums. And for first time we get to listen to her real Loverboy Firecraker version, as it was created before it got stolen from her.
This is one of her best collective album in years. I am hoping that she will unlock all her recent scrapped songs from the MIMTEC and Caution. Kudos MC
Her most honest work in a really long time! It shows her growth thruout the years and the journey of becoming the most successful female singer/songwriter
Perfection and talent from the beggining until the end of time #JusticeForLoverboy
YES, THE QUEEN IS BACK. but this time, she showed the world what she had kept for 30 sacred years of her career! BRAZIL LOVES YOU, ICON!
Álbum incrível. Depois de 30 anos, a Mariah continua entregando músicas maravilhosas.
I loved! Very Good!I love Mariah!!!!She is vocalista and songwritter!!!!!!
a weak collection of songs that should have stayed unreleased, nothing notable here.
Amazing record best songs imo: Here We Go Around Again, Loverboy (so happy I get to hear how it actually was supposed to sound) and Lullaby Birdland
The same sound. I miss the old Mariah. Bring back tommy Motolla and Sony Music
The mariah carey became an endless Sunday. Monotonous and without creativity even on vocals.
A bomba de Loverboy, JLO fez bem em roubar o sample só ajudou melhorar depois
A long, boring album with romantic themes and empty samples that work best on another song. At least Christmas remains
so nostalgic, and absolutely awesome. I can hear and enjoy every song, more and more again, every time.
Mariah has 19 number one hits to her name (the most of any solo artist) and any of these gems could have been a hit as well. MC is a legend - and this album perfectly maps out her evolution as an artist, vocalist, and songwriter - from her adult contemporary beginnings to her more experimental works in the late 90s and beyond. Not only does Carey impress with her singing ability and intimate songwriting, but also with her ability to take command of her art and creativity. You not only hear the evolution of an artist, but the evolution of pop music itself, indicating the breadth of Carey’s influence. While the first half is an illuminating look at the celebrated career, the second half is an engaging time capsule of Carey in the mid-90s, promoting her most critically acclaimed album to date, Daydream. This is an album for fans and but also for anyone studying the history of modern pop music.
Mariah Carey has first contained "Close My Eyes" via the acoustic version as the last track.
This album collects many of the forgotten songs she wrote but never released. Great sound, incredible vocals and a very good albums.
Great songs from start to finish, it's a really interesting listen as the album showcase her musical evolution throughtout the years. As a fan it is a unique experience to listen to those gems that never got released, to be able feel a little more of each era of her career, and even though those are unreleased songs they are quality ones and you can see she put her hearth in all of them. No need to talk about Daydream tour, she was on her vocal prime and we are finally getting it on HD quality.
A solid body of work that showcases her intelligent songwriting,Her beautiful singing and her prowess in producing.Congratulations Miss Carey.
AMAMOS A LA REINA DE LA MÚSICA Y CREADORA DEL UNIVERSO.PD: NOS URGE MESMERIZED COMO SINGLE, AMÉN
This album is composed of unreleased songs or songs regulated to being bsides on Mariah's singles, and it has no right to be as good as it is. Highlights include Here We Go Around Again, Can Y Hear Me, Do You Think of Me, EFA, All I Live For, One Night, Slipping Away, Out Jere On My Own, the original version of Loverboy, I Pray, Cool On You, Mesmerized, a live rendition of Lullaby of Birdland, and Save The Way.
All I Live For, One Night, Loverboy (Firecracker), Cool On You, Mesmerized hinos
Amas a una reina que adora a sus fans y le da lo mejor de ella para apreciarlo, diosa
such a great album, waiting to hear more from mimi and also waiting for her new xmas collaboration with ariana and jennifer!!
Making a compilation of song that are not released or as part of B side is great. I'm loving the songs here with the Daydream tour in Tokyo Dome.I really love the original lover boy and good thing that Mariah released it as rub on Tommy Mattolas face
Mariah Carey has gone through her vault and had given her die hard fans rare tracks that didn’t make any of the albums, B-Sides which the lambs have always craved for. Also included is the original version of LoverBoy which is the firecracker version. This is largely classic Mariah, her beautiful voice from the early 90s is so puré. This album takes you through a journey from 1990 up until 2020 with the fantastic Save The Day which features Ms. Lauryn Hill. It’s a must for all Mariah fans! She made it for them! Also included her concert at Tokyo Dome. A brilliant live performance as always.
This is definitely one of her best compilation albums of all time. This compilation album shows that even her hidden tracks can shine bright like a diamond. She's indeed a legend and the Queen of Music.
THE RARITIES contiene canción que pudieron ser muy buenos éxitos. Me encantó por completo el álbum
The album starts with Here We Go Around Again which is a great uptempo song. Can you hear me, the second song is an amazing piano ballad and filled with heartfelt lyric. Do you think of Me and Everything Fades away are a song we've heard before and we WILL listen to it again because it was just that good. All I live for is also one of the most amazing cut on the album. Definitely a must listen and the merging of 1993 and 2020 vocal is genius. One night is a cute song with a storyline and a great beat. Definitely something we'll heard on the radio in '95. Slipping away is one of Mariahs most amazing songs of all time so need I say more? Out here on my own, a cover song of the amazing, Irene Cara from the movie Fame. It has a positive message and definitely what a lot of people need to hear. The loverboy (firecracker version), is also amazing and such a shame that it can't be used because of certain someone sabotaging her career at that point. I pray is also an amazing song that was sung by Paul Robbins. It's great to hear her own version of the song in the album. Cool on you is definitely up there on the best song on the album. It has an amazing beat and definitely fun to sing to. Mesmerized is a personal fave from the album for me. I'm not sure what I like about the song but it's an ear candy. Her rendition of Lullaby of Birdland is just amazing and proves that we need to hear more of Jazz-riah!!! Her new song, Save The Day feat Ms Lauryn Hill, sampled a song called "Killing me Softly" by the fugees. It definitely has a positive message and an eye opener that we're all in this world together so we're going to have to work together to Save The Day!Overall: It's an amazing album full of bops and amazing unreleased songs. Will definitely give it a listen again!!!
Amazing new unheard songs in love with Here we go around again !!! Great album 30 years later dahhhling
Achei todas as musicas maravilhosas,principalmennte "Can You Hear Me" e "All l Live For ".
Perfeito, como sempre, Mariah Carey servindo músicas ecléticas e de qualidade e ainda traz ótimos covers. O Disco 2 traz os vocais da lenda ao vivo, então nem preciso acrescentar mais nada.
Captivated by the evolving music styles and impeccable vocals among different eras. Potentials of being singles are seen in several songs, like All I Live For, Cool On You and Mesmerized. The unpredictable gem would be the original version of Loverboy, the duality of two versions released are presented in two favorable music flow, which showcase Mariah's capability in creating masterpiece as an underrated songwriter. I don't know how it is possible, but anyway, SHE IS REAL!
Mariah delivers again ! What a gem ! Can t stop playing those 90 jams over and over again. A must get for anyone wanting to go back to the 90s and never come back from them
Achei que o álbum seria mais um compilado das mesmas músicas de sempre, mas, quase por sorte, são músicas escolhidas com sentido e propósito e versões que deviam ver a luz a muito tempo.
the sounds are as good as the lyrics and also the concert in impeccable presentation all the songs are wonderful one night the beginning is spectacular
Mariah definitely has some number one hits on this album. The music is incredible and the lyrics are heart felt. I'm in love with this album and hope to see it top the charts!
Phenomenal album from the one and only Songbird Supreme that serves as a celebration of her illustrious career.
Uma das melhores coisas já lançada esse ano, a Mariah vem com um gosto de nostalgia, esse album é perfeito e não peca nenhum momento
Timeless classics by a Timeless legend! The songbird supreme strikes again - very nostalgic feel to these songs
Nostalgic! Many of the songs would be a smash if they were released at the time that they were supposed to. Congratulations Mariah
Mariah totally save 2020
album perfeito onde mostra o potencial vocal da mariahzinha e o quão foda ela é
A compilation album exclusively for the Lambily… The highly anticipated unreleased songs from the Songbird Supreme. Hopefully there will be a volume 2 because there still a lot to be heard dahhling.
Love this album. You can see how her artistry has evolved through the times.
I didn't like this album at all. Honestly, a piece of nothing. I love Alicia. But this album is nothing.
A eu simplesmente amei esse álbum, dois mil e vinte se tornou um ano caótico. Apesar disso, cada álbum lançando me dá uma sensação esperança e de que tudo ha de melhorar. e esse álbum me dá essa sensação, além de paz, calma e felicidade.Esse álbum só tem faixas boas, não há nada de ruim nele. Alicia merece mais reconhecimento, espero que esse álbum seja indicado em alguma categoria do Grammy, com certeza ele merece.
Alicia returns to her true form! The album is her best since As I Am. Authors Of Forevers, 3 Hour Drive, & You Save Me are top tier tracks!
Um dos melhores albuns de R&B do ano de 2020. É muito gratificante ver uma artista como Alicia lançando material tão coeso.
The album is beautiful. Each song is so different yet the all go together is such a beautiful. Her voice sounds incredible and the lyrics are so meaningful.
Reminds you of why she is a truly authentic human being that is such a stunning ray of sunshine.
Alicia again brought her different sides in an eclectic, melodic and intimate work!
This album is amazing ! Congratulations queen, you are very important in the music industry
Amazing! ALICIA é uma viagem muito especial pelo R&B/Blues, com várias facetas, mas extremamente denso e coerente!
Whatever you expect of an Alicia Keys album, to truly enjoy #ALICIA u must have an open mind.I think she's finally figured out how to sound like herself within contemporary music.She's perfect in all the R&B joints - there's no room to question but has also obviously evolved.This album is not as lyrically strong as her others but sonically
Alicia Keys is a household name in the industry, and with this album she shows us why. Afete almost 20 years since her debut album, she is still at the top of her game! Great songs with unique compositions.
This album is incredible. It touches your soul. They are perfect lyrics and melodies. It's gratifying.
Truth Without Love - 6/10Time Machine - 6,7/10Authors of Forever - 7/10Wasted Energy (feat. Diamond Platinumz) - 7/10Underdog - 8/103 Hour Drive (feat. Sampha) - 6,5/10Me x 7 (feat. Tierra Whack) - 7/10Show Me Love (feat. Miguel) - 7/10So Done (feat. Khalid) - 5,7/10Gramercy Park - 6/10Love Looks Better - 7,6/10You Save Me (feat. Snoh Aalegra) - 7/10Jill Scott (feat. Jill Scott) - 6,4/10Perfect Way to Die - 7/10Good Job - 7,5/10
Amo a Alicia Keys, mas esse álbum não me pegou muito, achei muito mesmo do mesmo.Faixas Favoritas: Time Machine, Show Me Love e Jill Scott
What would R&B be without Alicia Keys? ALICIA bring to 2020 the excellence of the genre, and reminds us who she is and what she can do. Even though the album has been filled with some average songs and the featured artists barely bring nothing to the table, it has the personality and beautiful vocals.
I really enjoy this album, the voice of Alicia, the production and the songs. It's emotive and beautiful.
Eu diria que é um álbum completo! Inspirador, empoderador, acertivo e digno da Alicia Keys. Apesar da repercussão não tão grandiosa, o lançamento de estúdio da cantora mostrou que ela permanece sendo uma das maiores artistas de todos os tempos, com originalidade e despreocupada com o topo dos charts. O álbum ALICIA merecia mais aclamação e visibilidade, porque ele não é apenas sobre a Keys. Ele é também sobre as pessoas que precisam de inspirações diárias para prosseguirem em suas vidas apesar das dificuldades.
Alicia se supera a cada lançamento, e este álbum é prova disso. Versatilidade com originalidade, mensagens fortes e um vocal impecável!
Alicia's first studio album in four years, Keys' manages to provide a consistent body of work that is mainly mended to fit around her vocals and the artists who feature in certain songs. Although not so heartfelt as 2016's political outcry HERE for racial justice, ALICIA does manage to create plenty of heartwarming tunes and semi-anthemic tracks such as "Wasted Energy" and meaningful tracks like "Underdog". Some songs can be altered in your minds to fit your own life story; it's that relatable.
Spell My Name, é um álbum maravilhoso, sentimental e com sua linda nuances. Toni não decepciona
Toni Braxton com sua voz única, traz um álbum R&B maduro, soletre o nome de Toni e você sabe que suas músicas transmitem força, amor e vivências que se assemelham a vida de muitas pessoas, como sempre ela nos emociona com músicas tocantes e nos leva aos arrepios com esse excelente álbum.Faixas favoritas: Dance, Fallin', O.V.E.Rr., Happy Without Me e Nothin'.
A voz da Toni é inigualável. Madura e forte. Spell My Name tem boas faixas, mas sem apelo comercial. Gotta Move On é uma das melhores faixas que Toni gravou nos últimos anos.
Toni Braxton's "Spell My Name" was horrible and boring. Period. Jesus, nearly 30 years of the "A Ni**a Ain't Sh**" narrative is enough to turn anyone's stomach... especially mine. Enough is enough. Pass on this GARBAGE! :-(
I didn't find one of your best and I still consider it inferior to Sex & Cigarettes.
Not bad, but its not her best album!!!!Sex and cigarretes is betterBut its no bad
Album perfeito de uma artista lendária, o Grammy em quatro décadas vem sem duvidas.
eu realmente amei esse album.toni é uma artista tão incrivel e completa !
This is how you make an album! Victoria is clearly a super talented writer and crafted such a cohesive album that flows beautifully. Every single song is GREAT. There are no skips and no dull moments!
we all knew victoria was gonna release a good debut, but THIS is an extraordinary album
Amazing, the album is so well done, she absolutely bodied every song and every song is so well produced and victoria’s vocals are angelic. 10/10
ela é a fodona da internet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!
I’ve found the album of the year, and it’s made by a black woman, with a powerful voice, and is still a growing, underrated, artistic genius. Each of the tracks sound different, each give a different experience (pun or no pun) and a new aura to listening to R&B, Pop, and/or Disco, IMO. I love this, I see it as flawless, and with time, this might be in my top 10 albums of all time, not kidding. It might be by the end of this year, honestly!
the opening of the album (moment) take us to this calm track but with beautiful strings, lyrics & vocals. all through the album she’s serving vocals & rocking the instrumental part (violins, drums, trumpets...)this project feels real. it feels like the real essence of r&b. amazing. can’t wait for more.
Perfect ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
"Jaguar" deserves all the acclaim it's getting. Victoria Monet's debut LP is full of groovy R&B tunes that are so unique in their ways. Only a few tracks were not so extravagant in my opinion, but everything else is musical gold. THIS is how you make an album people. Very well done!
Amazing album, has 0 skips, love the 70s funk inspired sound. My favorite non-single is Touch Me, best song on the album would probably be "Moment" or "Experience"
I love this album! It’s soooo good!! Victoria did that!! From her vocals to the lyrics, and production, this album is amazing!!
There is no skippable tracks. It's perfect. I love it so much and I'm obsessed with it.
Jaguar is hearing the mystery and sexiness of Victoria Monét. She has been a staple in the music industry and now it is her to express herself through this amazing work. Her pen game is strong! Jaguar is for grown and Victoria voices her experiences through beautiful melodies. The background vocals and horns are such a vibe. Well done for a debut album. Excited for the two remaining parts. Victoria Monét is to taken serious and is coming for the girls and the charts. Don’t sleep on her. Wake up and stream, buy, and support Jaguar.
Such a good album, the songs are wonderful, and the visuals to. Congrats Vic for this amazing work !
Purely a masterpiece. Very very detailed and dynamic in so many ways. Can’t wait for the last two parts.
I thoroughly enjoyed this album. From “Moment”, a classic r&b track, to her more disco influenced tracks such as “Experience” this album truly is a great experience (pun intended). The title track, Jaguar, is my favorite right now, but almost every track sounds like a hit and my favorite changes with each listen. After listening to it for the first time, I added the tracks to so many of my playlists. I highly recommend that you give this album a listen.
this album was just a masterpiece all around. the production value was superb, the transitional aspects flowed so beautifully, and it created a mini story with only nine songs. i can’t wait for part two of jaguar—
A marvelous and totally solid album, Jaguar transports you with its R&B touches to a world full of empowerment. I think it's time to stop knowing Victoria as Ariana Grande's best friend and give her her place in music.
completely stunning album, a whole masterpiece with no skips. such a sensual album that makes you feel so indulged. no flaws at all 10/10
Congratulations to Victoria Monét for bringing one of the biggest and best works of this year. "Jaguar" is more than just an R&B album, in fact it can be considered as one of the best albums of the year in general. Jaguar brings us a "calm dance" and sometimes a "more electric dance" where we have fun and never get tired of feeling Victoria Monét's soave music on our skin.Moment for example is a great song to open the album, as it brings us perfect vocals and a cohesive sound, however throughout the album I found the lyrics of each song repetitive but that made the songs "bubble gums" in our head.I really liked the album and I was very sad to know that it has a little more than thirty minutes.
First time I am listening to this album but I didn’t like the album all the songs are bad
álbum elegante, melódico, bem coeso, sem contar nos vocais harmônicos da victoria!
One of the best albums released this year (2020). It’s just such a R&B perfection, it makes u feel like u are floating and flying while listening to it. The lyrics and the beats are awesome!
Monet has constructed an r&b album that feels simultaneously nostalgic and modern. Silky smooth vocals backed by funky instrumentals that build throughout and clever, straight lyrics which don't dance around the point of what she's trying to say have made this one of my favourite albums of 2020 and I do not say that lightly. She is a woman most known for her songwriting credits for some of the biggest artists in the world, most famously, Ariana Grande, but with this project, we see her emerge from the American-Italian superstar's shadow, as she begins to make a real name for herself as a major player in the music industry.
( 84/100 )Victoria Monét está construyendo un hábil camino hacía la industria de la música con una versátil discografía de 5 EPs que la declaran como una digna cantante y contendiente en el el R&B y Pop algo Indie. "JAGUAR" es una producción en la que reluce el gran SG Lewis, D. Mile, Deputy, Tim Suby y xSDTRK con una combinación de composiciones limpias, sensuales y algo de baile sofisticado que logran cierto empoderamiento y alteza en el ambiente alrededor de Monét. Con letras sobre el autocontrol y el empoderamiento en medio de la sociedad y el amor, melodías y coros pegajosos sin temor a usar instrumentos clásicos como violines y combinarlos con sintetizadores. Ella sabe compartir su propia esencia y le da un tamaño muy grande para evocar un sentimiento de libertad y voluntad.-Victoria Monét is building a skilled path towards the music industry with a versatil discography of 5 EPs that declare her as a worthy contender and singer of R&B and Pop with some Indie. “JAGUAR” is a production in which stand out the great SG Lewis, DMile, Deputy, Tim Suby and xSDTRK with a combination of clean, sensual, and some sophisticated dance compositions that achieve certain empowerment and highness in the environment all around Monét. With lyrics about self-control and empowerment in the middle of the society and love, sticky melodies and chorus without fear of using classical instruments like violins and merging them with synthesizers. She knows how to share her own essence and she gives it a size big enough to evoke a feeling of freedom and will.
This album is reminiscent of the 70s disco-funk era. It's live instrumentation, shimmering beats, and silky soft vocals make you want to get down and boogie. It's a very short project sadly. There are 2 interludes, which kind of doesn't make sense because those are for transition periods for longer albums, but they still fit the vibe. This is something you loop over and over again until you feel sick. Cant wait to hear the next 2 parts that are coming.
This is a really great album. Dive is my favourite song. Perfectionnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Arte, Victoria es una de las mejores escritoras y cantantes completas que hay actualmente, es una diosa y en este álbum y sus vocals son lo mejor ✨
underrated masterpiece! love her sm. it’s so good!!! ndjsjdkdkdkdkdkd djsjdjsjdjnsnds
ART. Victoria made a brilliant and luxurious body of work that is cohesive and mesmerizing. Highlights include tracks like "Go there with you" and "Jaguar". I love the different instruments used throughout this album, and Monet's writing is as clever as ever. One of the most underrated albums of the year, and it comes from a queer black woman. Can't wait to hear more from her!
Victoria Monét has delivered her best musical piece so far. "Jaguar" is a sensually playful musical compilation that will shock you due to the capacity every single note has of getting you naked. With certain resemblance to the soul of Marilyn Monroe aka wIth confidence, brashness and a hypnoticly beautiful attractive voice, the singer projects a magnificent mix of R&B and third millennium disco music greatly which, mixed with the smooth sexy voice of Monét and the producers' undeniable talent to add harmonies where required, make it an almost perfect record and one of the most interestings of 2020. It is unimaginable that this is the same girl who sang "Monopoly" last year, I can't believe how that song in particular hid her talent so much. Won't ever forget this crime, Republic Records.In less than half an hour, Monét demonstrates from beggining to end, which strenghth and power, that, whenever she wants to, she is going to rule the R&B game and make a mark on it that will last forever. Don't dare to miss the wonderful experience "Jaguar" is. This would have been the perfect "50 Shades of Grey" soundtrack if the movie wasn't well... painfull.
Worthies (6/9):- Moment- Dive- Jaguar- Experience- Ass Like That- Go There With You
Jaguar is definitely one of the best projects released during this pandemic if not year, it is a cohesive and catchy R&B sensation with pop, jazz and soul influences, the EP has 9 tracks that are mostly gravitating towards more sexual and mature content. The lyrics on it aren't very deep, however, they're some of the best written and most creative lyrics on an album this year such as the lyric "You got nine times to come hit that" referring to her "supersonic **** in the title track, or also the lyrics "Met him about two months ago,said his name was gym, and that he'd make me better than before, so we work it out every day, we be makin' heads turn slow, you know what they say 'bout the grass, what you water, that's gon' grow" for the lead single "ass like that". Along with these very creative lyrics, Monet adds some heavenly harmonies in the background of almost every line on the album, supported by some very classy instrumentation such as strings, horns... Overall, jaguar is definitely the most underrated album released this year, it probably is one of the best R&B records that I've heard since a long time, bravo!
Uma obra de arte, r&b perfection. Victoria Monét realizou um trabalho artístico impecável.
OMG, the instrumentals r out of this world... Victoria did a perfectly debut album, anxious for her next album
One of the best projects this year and I really hope that the Grammys won't snub her just because she's an independent artist. The maturity of the topics that she discussed in this album is so commendable, it is sexy but not tacky, the production is really fits well with the songs, the horns and bed squeaks on Dive , the electric guitar moment on Go There With You, there are a lot of standout moments in this project. Even the interludes, they are really good that you want them to be a whole song.
This is the closest I ever listened to r&b perfection. All songs are fun to listen to and never let you bored.
Monét in ‘Jaguar’ showcases the proper definition of sleek R&B music. Through her vivid imagery and clever lyricism, Monét offers a one-way ticket to the mystic world of the artwork and leaves you thirsty for Part II that might satisfy your eagerness for closure. Right now, we are stuck in the Jaguar World!Personally, I would have switched the order of the first two tracks to set a more appealing tone to the record as ‘Moment’, the single, was (for me) the weakest track of the project.Favorite Tracks: Dive and Jaguar
top tier R&B, close your eyes and just listen to it you'll definitely keep it on repeat all day.
This project is perfect. The production, vocals and lyrics are AMAZING. This woman is the next big thing.
Honestly perfect, I wish it was longer or had more collaborations❤The interludes are so amazing, you just wosh they were full songs❤
Love Dive, Jaguar title track, Moment, and Touch Me!!! Victoria did her thing
this is an extraordinary body of work that she released. her best so far. so proud and humbled to watch her grow. she deserves it all.
Her vocals, the production, the visuals, the instrumentation, a no skip album. She deserves all her flowers.
Old school meets new school with a whole new vibe. Monét uses instrumentals that your parents might have vibes out to while lacing her songs with lyrical innuendos. It’s a classic already.
Stunning work of art, extremely well presented for a debut album, cohesive and well written.
The theme is good, but the music and the vocals... It just does not tell the story.
now this is how you debut!! everything about this album was an amazing introduction to Victoria Monet. I had never heard her before and I already can’t wait for what she’ll put out next!
An extremely impressive body of work from Victoria, I love it! This project showcases a truly great r&b album. The production and vocals are a true highlight of the album. Definitely one of my favorite albums of 2020
Victoria Monet deserves superstardom, but that’s not helpful feedback.Instead, let the music speak for itself. Excellent production, gorgeous and sublime vocals, smart lyrics. She is giving me Lionel Richie and dreamy soul.
Such a sleek and classy production. Victoria's vocals are smooth and silky, and it fits perfectly to the instrumentals. Such a breath of fresh air in music this year. definitely one of my best album of the year list. Just legendary. Periodt.
her best album since full moon! this a cohesive body of work which tells a story of overcoming emotional triumph. brandy is so underrated!
This is a really interesting album from the poetic and deeply personal lyrics to the unique melodies. Brandy’s insanely good vocals bring everything to life. This album requires multiple plays as it’s not catchy pop junk. Great album!!!
Angelic Vocals, Amazing Production. Brandy never disappoints she is the #VocalBible
Vocal masterpiece! Brandy has pushed limits in the R&B genre and continues to be the standard..
The R&B singer is such an icon that when you google the phrase “the vocal bible” her picture comes up, all thanks to the supremacy and range of her voice. Such a wonderful listen.
Me gustó pero no me encantó como para que tenga tan alta calificación de los usuarios.
O arranjo do álbum é impecável, os acordes e melodias idem. Brandy fez uma pausa de 8 anos e seu retorno , em termos de qualidade musical é nada menos que triunfal. As letras bastantes pessoais nos leva a entender um pouco dos problemas que ela passou ao longo dos anos.
Brandy has taken the best aspects of Never Say Never, Full Moon, and Afrodisiac to create this artistic masterpiece. b7 has pushed Brandy's creative boundaries, and she's showing us what it really means to sing. The nuances of these vocal placements represents the themes of the songs, and I cannot recall any other artist to have done such. I've been listening to this body of work since its release, and I am still discovering sounds I never heard on my initial listen. Miss Norwood has truly released one of the most ambitious and exciting projects of the year, and I couldn't be prouder of her.
A masterpiece. The 8 year wait was worth it - an album that subtly shows Brandy's prowess as the vocal bible, and with DJ Camper's production softly melding in to her honey-like vocals, it will give you shivers!
It’s been 8 years since Brandy released her seventh studio album "Two Eleven". Now the Vocal Bible is finally back and she delivered a masterpiece.The album's highlight has to be pointed out first: "Borderline". Brandy's favorite song on the album and rightfully so. The song is a beautiful mid-tempo track about confronting your own weaknesses and insecurities within a relationship. In the album's opening track "Saving All My Love", Brandy apologizes for the long period between "B7" and "Two Eleven". The song has a chill hip-hop influenced production and features a shoutout to Brandy's mentor and idol, the late legend Whitney Houston, to whom she also pays tribute to with the album's (gorgeous) artwork. "Unconditional Oceans" is the most interesting song on the album. I've never heard anything like it. I would describe it as experimental R&B. At first I didn’t get it but it grew on me and now it’s one of my favorites on the album. "I Am More" is also a very interesting track. It features an electric guitar and lyrically it talks about knowing your own worth. It’s a very empowering song."High Heels" features Brandy's daughter Sy'rai. It has a very unique production as you can hear violins over a hip-hop beat. Brandy's rap was kinda unnecessary but it’s still a great song.Its lead single "Baby Mama" featuring Chance the Rapper is probably the most upbeat song on the record. It’s a tribute to hardworking mothers and combines influences of R&B, Hip-Hop and trap music. The horns in the background are everything. "Say Something" is a chill song that is solely based on a piano melody and a nice beat. I think I can hear jazz influences in this song. "Rather Be" is another one of those chill R&B songs on the album. Very nice tune. The album's three "All My Life" interludes should’ve just been included as a whole song because it sounds like it could be a great track. In "Lucid Dreams" she seems to be addressing her fatal car crash as she sings about feeling guilty and wanting to die. Its lyrics are very emotional and are sung over water sounds. It’s a very calm but deep track. The album's closing track "Bye BiPolar" is the most vulnerable track on the record. It's a piano ballad that addresses Brandy's struggles with mental health. An emotional way to end this album. Brandy came back with a masterpiece. Not only is this album extremely experimental and unique but it’s also very personal as she works through trauma, talks about her mental health but also sings about love and motherhood. I think many people don’t give this album a chance. Even I was confused by parts of it at first but the more you listen to it the more you realize how brilliant it is. Brandy came to save R&B in a time where most R&B albums sound like boring, monotonous podcasts. Thank you Queen and please don’t make us wait too long for B8. Favorites: Borderline & Unconditional Oceans
This is easily one of her best albums and the highlight of the year. A good album opener with the track "Saving all my love for you" in which Brandy explains ther 8 years hiatus. B-Rocka excels in her silky voice. "Rather be", "NO tomorrow", "Lucid dreams, "say something" enhance the album by showcasing Norwood silky voice. Lastly, "Bordeline" is probably the best song of the album and the song of the year.
The melodies, harmonies, runs, stacking & storytelling are all quintessentially Brandy. True R&B at its finest. Nobody is singing like this! She has shown so much growth and each album is an evolution. Every song has so much meaning and I'm so grateful that her flowers are really starting to be given. 30yrs in the business!
A legit R&B album from a music royalty... This album is full of vocal layering for years and years!!! Brandy at her best! This album proves why she is The Vocal Bible. Her raspy, velvety riffs and runs, plus her signature nuances shows why she is such a great icon.
An amazing piece of work! Brandys ability to single handily change the direction and sound of r&b is crazy! Her music is always ahead of time and this is no different
Beautifully flowing album, that challenges notions of melody and music. If you want to experience an deeply resonating album, brandy offers it. Just don’t go listening with expectations!
BRANDY VOCAL BIBLE. I love you and this album Brandy. I can sense vulnerability which is so organic.
Eight years after her last effort, this album is no doubt long overdue, and her fans have been waiting, pregnant with anticipation. And Brandy delivers, and exceeds expectations, especially for those who were hoping for a vocal layering masterpiece. It is no doubt that this is one of her most cohesive projects, with a clear driving force being a focus on her famous vocal layerings. ‘B7’ is the album we have all been waiting for, and potentially a positive turning point for 2020. The control that Brandy had on this album is evident and makes for a beautifully intimate collection of tracks that makes this a contender for one of the best R&B albums of 2020, especially given its use of 2000s production as opposed to employing the same Trap influences that has been ever popularised in the last couple years, given the album further nostalgia and individuality.Beginning the album with the most perfect representation of what Brandy does best — vocal layering, 'Saving All My Love' is hands down one of the most magical first tracks in representation of R&B in this new decade, there is simply no way not to be swept up in the smooth instrumentalisation and vocals. 'Unconditional Oceans' showcases a sonically uplighting tracks, following with the beautiful soundscape manufactured previously, while not showcasing too much of a differentiation from the previous track. 'Rather Be' shows Brandy in her element, narrating an effortless display of love. The chorus is captivating, featuring some of the most heartwarming vocal layerings, transporting one to a land of endless loving. The next track takes us to the first interlude, with vocal layers that create what feels like a sea of tranquility, which features one of the most beautiful transitions into the next track.'Lucid Dreams', sounds exactly as the title suggests, and even more given what you can expect from Brandy. The track places you in a trance, comparable to an audio representation of becoming lost in time. The following track, ‘Borderline’, is probably the most hyped track by Brandy prior to the album’s release, and it definitely lives up to it. Lyrically, it feels like a representation of the crossroads between needing love, and finding the maturity to need to find stability within oneself. Brandy’s vocals here encourages a peaceful acceptance of a difficult situation, with some of the most beautiful belted notes throughout the track’s backing vocals. Clocking at 05:13, the longest track of the album feels much shorter than it really is. ‘No Tomorrow’ is a track that begins to infuse a little bit of a slightly more interesting, faster paced vibes, and no doubt features some of my favourite vocal layerings from Brandy, with the entire track featuring an entrancing melody that feels both haunting, but romantic.‘Say Something’ begins to feature a more audacious sound, a departure from the romance that featured in most of the first half of the album, and while the track ends way too early and is way too short, is no doubt one of the more fun tracks on the album. The following track, ‘I Am More’ follows in the more upbeat vibes, with a fun beat and vocals that lay over with a strong presence, featuring a rap bridge, the mood is immediately brought right up, a beautiful transitional track to a more brazen narrative. The next track features Sy’rai Smith, Brandy’s daughter, and this mother-daughter production of 'High Heels', firstly showcases how talent runs in the family. While no doubt a beautiful context, is no doubt a low point of the album that feels sonically similar to the previous two tracks and is quite honestly, the most boring track on the album.‘Baby Mama’, the first official single from this album, has some of the best lyrical content in 2020, with so much genuine positivity exuding from the track, and no doubt the best choice of a first single from the album. The feature of Chance the Rapper, is definitely one of the best decisions Brandy has made in terms of collaborations, and only adds to the song’s power. ‘Love Again’, a track which we have been blessed with, and was nominated for Best R&B Performance at the 62nd Grammy Awards, has been a fan favourite for a long time, and is kind of a perfect addition to this album as the penultimate track, bringing back the sweet and sultry blend of Daniel Caesar and Brandy’s vocals, the proof of a simple, but impactful track that sticks with you over time. The final track on the album, ‘Bye Bipolar’, ends the album with one incredibly beautiful piano ballad that reckons back to ‘Tomorrow’ from Brandy’s 1997 album ‘Never Say Never’. This is one of the most impactful lyrical moments on the album. Vocally, this is a reminder that decades into the game, Brandy still has one of the most powerful, impactful voices of all time.
Lyrics that mean something, music that moves you, and a voice that is beyond amazing. This was a good purchase!
This album is a work of art. A vocal masterpiece. It’s not for the average listener. Brandy once again shows us she can’t be duplicated.
After a long wait Brandy finally blessed our ear buds with amazing soulful music. Each song is a masterpiece in its own right. Each song takes me away in a time where I felt each feeling, each word, each sound and I get so lost that I don't even know that the music has ended. This is truly one of her best albums.
Brandy is back like she never left! She no longer has anything to prove because she's done it all! B7 is her freedom album, she's finally been let loose by the shackles that had her bound...major labels. B7 is not for the average listener because it's so abstract & different from what we hear today, which makes it all the more special.
Massively overproduced on some tracks, so much so that one can hardly make out what it is Brandy is actually singing. Highlights on this LP are current single "Borderline", "Say Something" and "No Tomorrow".
A truly inspired album which features vocals, lyrics, and production that push the genre of R&B. There is a poetic, unique quality to every track that sparks introspection in the listener. B7 is by far one of the best R&B records of recent memory and is a stark reminder that independently released and produced music wherein the artist is involved in every process of the music making may lead to wondrous, unbelievable music
This album from start to finish is an alternative R&B masterpiece, from fun up-tempo songs like "Baby Mama" and "Say Something" to more personal mid-tempo ballads like "Borderline" and "Bye Bipolar" this album has a little bit of everything. Even if you aren't a fan of R&B, give this album a stream and let your ears bask in a rather wonderful experience
I cannot say anything but thank you to Lianne La Havas. She gave us an amazing album with amazing lyrics and a massive production that let us without a breath.
Esse é um dos melhores álbuns lançados nos últimos tempos. Lianne traz sua essência em cada musica, as quais são extremamente bem produzidas e com conteúdo lírico maravilhoso. As minhas favoritas são Green Papaya, Can't Fight e Courage.
Every single person on this planet should take a minute just to appreciate how beautiful and soulful this project is. Lianne La Havas showed growth and nothing more than a bless for this terrible year that we are going through... (Fav tracks: Paper Things, Bittersweet, Weird Fishes and Sour Flower)
I think this is Lianne's most cohesive work. I've enjoyed her past two albums but always felt like the production would sometimes distract from her tremendous voice. Here, that doesn't happen. The instrumentation is more laid-back and has a live feel which works perfectly for her smokey vocals.There's a wonderful cover of Weird Fishes by Radiohead that shouldn't work but somehow it does and manages to be just as good as the original. This album feels summery and soulful in a way that is captivating. Easily the best r'n'b/neo-soul record of the year and undoubtedly proves that Lianne is one of the best artists working today.
Masterpiece. Soulful, angelic vocals that normally possess a Lianne La Havas album but this album tells a strong story which never was there in her other albums. Instead of a collection of showstopping singles like Blood, this self-titled album uses her experiences in a linear experience and encapsulates feelings that so many people go through. So Proud and hoping she doesn't take another 5 years to publish another masterpiece.
Worthies (6.5/11.5):- Bittersweet (Full Length)- Read My Mind- Can't Fight- Weird Fishes- Please Don't Make Me Cry- Sour Flower- Bittersweet
Paper Thing is outta space!!! And what can we tell about the Radiohead's cover to Weird Fishes? This album is more than a masterpiece!
11/12This album is an overwhelmingly peaceful masterpiece. Each track physically makes me feel relaxed and is absolutely pleasing to the ear. Lianne La Havas is one of the greatest female vocalists of today. She has the most lovely, soulful, and powerful voice combining an airy rasp with such a clear and bright euphony. Her neo-soul/folk genre crossover is the epitome of how modern pop can be emotional, technically masterful, and enjoyable.I have nothing but great things to say about her and this album and after discovering her from Tiny Desk, I have no doubts she will grow to be one of the greatest musicians of this decade.Tracks that stick out are "Can't Fight" with its funky guitar riff, "Weird Fishes" is a great Radiohead cover, and "Courage" feels so lonely.I adore that this is a concept album as well, having a soft spot for them. The fact that this album covers the stages of a relationship feels so realistic, especially having gone through a breakup this year. I should've listened to it when it happened, since it has an empowering way of making you feel low but hopeful and strong at the same time.ALBUM ARTWORK: I adore this cover. La Havas is such a beautiful human being. Her gorgeous smile outlies the pure joy and positivity of her music and her giant, amazing hair in front of her face shows how carefree and soulful she is. Her music celebrates life and her album's content is of La Havas making music herself, naturally to have her on the album cover alone. Plus, it's in monochrome and is just a great photo overall. Everything here is pleasing: the photo, the music, the person.Artwork rating: 11/12.
sin dudas el mejor álbum del año, no hay nada que ya hayamos escuchado de ella como esto ¡su mejor trabajo!
Es un disco donde se siente la esencia de La Havas, es un disco para estar sentado debajo de un árbol y disfrutar el momento.
BEST R&B album that I've ever listened in this year. This soulful voice that makes you feel enchanted.
Aucun doute ! le meilleur album de RNB/FUNK de l'année. Pu....quelle claque. Amis francophones ne passez pas à coté de ce CD.
Lianne's newest album is a true success. Her first person narrative of a relationship gone sour is a triumph for the art of the full album. Her songwriting and vocals shine vibrantly, and her extremely capable guitar playing supports throughout. I look forward to having this album to rely on during my next breakup.
she's the moment. her voice her words. it's all so... I don't know. warm and strong and sweet not in a cute way
There is nothing bad to say about this album. Lianne La Havas gave us maybe the best R&B release this year. This albums is perfect.
If I had 48 minutes and 6 second left to live, I would listen to this album one more time. Thank you Lianne La Havas for creating perfection
Eu esperava antes mesmo de ouvir por inteiro, que talvez não ia gostar pois tinha já ouvido 1 ou 2 músicas e meio que não curti muito, mas agora que ouvi achei um belo de um EP, 'Life On Earth' traz um R&B atual com poucas faixas, uma boa opção para ver como o público reage a novos sons, esse é de extrema qualidade.Faixas favoritas: Let it Go, SWV, My Affection e Deeper
this ep is so gooooooooooooooooood.✨deserve 100 on metacritic.❤️❤️❤️✨✨❤️❤️
